What is genetic risk ?
Genetic risk refers more to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
People get certain disease because of genetic changes .
How much a genetic change tells us about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you definitely will develop heart disease .
The opposite is also true .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible that you develop heart disease .
However for some rare diseases , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
When we are diagonosed out with certain genetic disease , are we suppose to disclose this result to our relatives ?
My answer is no .
On one hand , we do not want this potential danger causing firghtenning affects in our families' later lives .
When people around us know that we got certain disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring us too much or keeping away from us .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems .
It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb'' will explode .
On the other hand , if there are ways can help us to control or cure the disease , we can going through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
For an example , if exercising is helpful for family potential disease , we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise .
And we keep track of all family members health conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members got this disease .
Here I want to share Forest'view on this issue .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious ."
Nothing is absolute right or wrong .
If certain disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others , it is OK to disclose the result .
Above all , life is more important than secret .
Debates have been around for years , that should a carrier for a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed to others , especially close family or relatives , is the topic that worth discussing .
This is an issue need to be addressed as family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
In this essay , few arguments will be pointed out in the support of view for any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives .
Despite one may argue that it's still up to the individual to disclose such health issue or to bear it within him/herself , it's certainly helpful to share with close relatives , for a proper discussion for solutions .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful in facing such disorder risk .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such disorder risk .
On top of that , as the genetic risk may pass down to next generation , thus it will involve more than just one family .
It is therefore I would agree for the obligation of telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for giving birth .
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemma .
There are more intangible advantages that could support the stand of informing the relatives once the results are known after the test conducted .
In conclusion , in order to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
The benefits of doing so are able to outweigh its disadvantages .
More supports must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing of such junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
This is the common law in the society .
However , it leads to a new problem that "should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?"
This issue has been discussed for a long time .
However , there is still a diversity of point of views among the people .
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue which is "should or should not" .
Firstly , I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below: "I will be anxious about my families when he or she told me that he or she was a carrier of a known genetic risk" .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers does not want to tell their families are to continue their own life without the anxious of families .
It is obvious that there will be better for one person to be worried than many .
However , many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges oneself .
With the families' support , there must be more energy to fight against with the demon .
Demon is not easily to be defeated and it is required much of energy and psychological support .
Families give you the courage and support which you cannot retrieve by yourself .
That is the most essential elements to overcome the challenges .
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic is very serious that it cannot be described .
The seriousness can be larger than our imagination .
Lying on the bed for the remaining life , and even die immediately , these are the consequences which we cannot imagine .
Families are our dearest in our life .
Without their concern and support , we are hard to stay until this time .
They play the important role in our life which cannot be substituted .
A known genetic risk can also affect our next generation critically .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier's families without the agreement of carrier .
It is the ethic of staff in hospital to keep the secret of any patients .
We cannot blame them that they are liable to the undesired consequences .
However , hospital can provide a councilor to advice the carrier about the action can be taken .
Therefore , this kind of circumstances will not be happened again and again .
It is a method that benefits two parties which is a win-win situation .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk is encouraged to tell his or her relatives about the known genetic risk .
However , there may be some special case that is hard to be defined .
Thus , advice from hospital plays the important role for this .
Carrier is responsible to balance his or her own interest and the benefits of family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make but with the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and families in the future .
With the risk of being genetically disorder , many individuals have done the decision to undergo genetic testing .
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier face an ethical problem: They should warn their relatives about the risking of being the same genetic risk carrier .
Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed .
In the view of my point , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives , with the support of the following reasons .
First of all , from the angle of human right , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
This diagnosis can be regarded as a kind of privacy to carriers .
They may do not want this truth to influence their life or want to keep it as a secret and do not others know about it .
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated or sympothized by others which is not positive factors brought to their life .
Seconly , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the dignosis of the carrier .
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can go and approach a doctor to consult about it .
If they do not want to think too much of it and view it as a trouble , they may just ignore the possibility .
However , if a dignosed carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives , the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers .
This obeys their own willingness as in they have to accept the truth which may make their following life miserable .
Many people many argue that setting the obligation may help more people , who are the relatives of the carriers , save their lives with a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis .
However , this is not exactly true when other factors including psychological influence , social influence , are taken into consideration .
If one such relative is told that he or she may have higher risk of getting sick , he or she may have be scared about the unknown life , partners , spouse and colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may happen which means the relative's life may be ruined .
On the other side , as stated above , a person who want to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own right to decide whether to tell their relatives or not .
This should be accepted from the point of human right , freedom of acceptance of relatives as well as many other social reasons .
Otherwise , making it an obligation will restric the choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives .
For a carrier of genetic disorder to know the fact that he or she is a carrier , it causes more dilemma rather than getting the disorder .
I agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
There are four reasons why people don't have to be shy and share their problems regarding genetic disorder .
Firstly , the carrier and his or her family can take precautions , physically by actions to reduce the chance of it being inherited to offspring and , mentally if the action fails to prevent it being inherited .
Many syndromes such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome can be prevented to happen if the mother undergo proper medication and don't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period .
This information may not be known by the mother if she doesn't tell her relatives regarding her condition .
More people (relatives) know her problem , more information channel is provided .
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome then the family have to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children's growth .
This is not the parent's fault because there is still chances of the gene being inherited .
So , they have to also prepare mentally .
Secondly , genetic diseases costs highly for the treatment and medication .
Albinism is one of the examples .
The people with albinism have sensitive skin and it needs regular treatment .
Unlike people with high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism is prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
If they don't treat their body well , such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunscreen in outdoor , the chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer .
Once you suffer from cancer , the medication cost is very expensive .
To prevent the bigger problem to happen , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body .
If the carrier doesn't tell his or her relatives , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
One of the diseases is sickle cell trait .
Usually people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problem such as blood blocking .
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and don't need to be shy of it because it is for the sake of their children's health .
Fourthly , it is important for the parents to give mental boost for their children with genetic disorder .
When their children become teenagers , a lot of social problems may arise .
People and friends often mock of your conditions .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be build from within and from the closest ones .
If not their family then who else that are willing to do that ?
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have prepare their mental first by disclosing the information of the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder .
In this modern world , the technologies were improved a lot compared with the last century .
Particularly , in the medical field , there is a great improvement in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods which were used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder .
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is born .
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this .
As many people realize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier's relatives , that is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder means that other family members also have almost the equally risk to have it , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
Every family member has their human right to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can this explain their right ?
For instance , John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disorder but he does not tell his sibling , James about this .
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what will be likely to be going on for him .
This might be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder .
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having the similar genetic disorder , preventing certain genetic disorders to affect themselves .
Genetic disorders are innate , but the great improvement of medical treatment makes it possible for humans to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
In addition , doctors usually quote a statement , "Prevention is better than curation"; this gives us an idea that preventing a disorder to happen has far more advantages than curing it .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder for a person , and therefore , this may make the prevention of a certain disorder possible .
For example , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
People who aware of having such disorder can prevent the disorder to happen by adapting a healthy lifestyle , including having a balanced diet and at least having exercise for 30 minutes every day .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
This is their human right to know about that , and this may also save their lives by preventing the disorder to happen .
Together with the advancement of technology over past decades ,medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly upgrading .Empower doctors with advance medical knowledge ,doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take necessary steps to protect their life .However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known ,a question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives become a challenging issue to both patient and doctor .In my opinion ,I feel the strong urge to support the obligation to inform patient relatives .
However ,there are still people against the decision of revealing private information .As in the case of Alzheimer patients ,it is up to the patient's own choice to disclose information .However ,research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret who ,how and whom will Alzheimer disease be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact to families members (DementiaToday ,2012) .There are associations provide helps to Alzheimer patients like Alzheimer's Association (Alzheimer's Association ,1980) .Although there are still thousand of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving all helps and supports from everyone ,the needs to receive immediate understanding and support from family members is an utmost help that patients need in their difficult time .
In conclusion ,the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors that till which extend should a doctor opt to reveal to relatives members about the genetic disease and in which situations it is open to patient's decision .In addition ,the state could also encourage to create assistance schemes to aid necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of own and family members .Although it may face challenges from social ethic issues ,in a long term ,with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government ,more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measurements to protect their own health and their loved ones .
Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to the high-velocity technological advancement .
Not long ago , the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational corporations (MNCs) has been started .
In comparison , in the field of genetic testing which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder , as the technology has been very mature already , an even more popular topic arises .
While most people agree that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they have different stands in whether it is the patient's responsibility or freedom to share the result with his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the patients , which are carriers of some known genetic risk are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their support .
Without the support of loved ones , patients' life is no better than death .
Family members , as one the closest group of people from whom they can get comfort , is a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible troubles as a result of genetic disorder .
A study of New York University in 2010 shown that patients with family members around generally recovers 2-4 days faster than those taken care by professional nurses .
Even for those patients with terminal diseases , the duration of their survival is 30% longer due to the family support .
Some people may say that telling the truth may arise some unnecessary doubts and panics which will endanger the family harmony .
While every family need to go through this or that kind of troublesome situations , the more troubles that a family has gone through together , the greater bond will be established between the family members as well as the greater amount of trust , love and understanding .
Hence , for a family in which every member is truly believing in each other and loving each other  ,all these troubles are just testaments to make them stronger .
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson , what doesn't kill you make you stronger .
In conclusion , whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk , the choice is his because it is his own gene and he has the full right of it .
He may have different considerations other than due to the judging people or may result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell it to his relatives , and no matter what choice he makes , we need to respect it and we have no right in saying that he must tell his relatives about it .
We all know that life is priceless and we have no right to judge a person's death .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with genetic risk can be detected .
Genetic refers the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
Therefore an entirely new dilemma is born: should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
This essay will discuss the reasons why the relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have genetic risk .
One of the reasons that the parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable to raise a child with genetic risk .
The child with genetic risk may not have the ability to work , to build up the family with the others and most of the time they are not acceptable for the majority .
They may not able to enjoy a normal people can enjoy .
This competitive world is cruel to those are not able to survive .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and endlessly to foster their child if he/she is not able to foster himself/herself .
The situation may become worst if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication fees .
Not only the child but also the entirely family will suffer .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that are not able to work and may suffer the pain in the entire life .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation's good .
There are always newspaper report that a new born baby has be abandoned at hospital after they realized the baby have diseases that need a huge amount of money to secure .
For the countries like Singapore , they are short of manpower to contribute to the nation .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disables such as medical subsidizes and builds up special schools to educate them .
Without increasing number of disables in a nation , the government is able to concentrate to develop in other ways like military and education .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibility to support their country in many ways .
Moreover , in the world we are living today , many miscarriages conducted in hospital every day .
It is easier for people to accept it morally .
Therefore I believe the parents have their right to know the healthiness of their child .
Many people may support with a theory that every people have their right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is , will the people really enjoy their life if they have to stay at hospital everyday and with all the needles and endless pain ?
Parents know what the best is for their children , thus they will make a right decision after they have be informed .
Also , human being should improve the medical field in order to prevent the tragedy happen .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Genetic testing is a personal choice .
One should have the full control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to some one else .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have babies , they are going to run a few tests and see whether their could have some genetic diseases .
The results are disclosed to husbands and wifes .
This is not the case I am talking about here .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
Afterall , what affects one family may or may not affect another although the families has a common genetic make up , shared by either of the parents .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or otherwise , to his or her relative is solely a matter of preference within the indivdial moral system .
Sometimes some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication .
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from: the son or daughter for example , the parents who knows about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed' to tell .
For example , within a family , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , either adult at risk .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual's response to risk information as they not want to know .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know (such as nieces and nephews) nor persuade those with authority (the parents) to do so .
The notion of authority also extended 'vertically' .
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
From a practitioner's perspective these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticists' views of family relationships , or about which blood (or non-blood) relatives should be informed and by whom; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assisting those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral and the nature of how 'directive' the risk is to them .
Carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives
Nowadays , people not only pursuit the comfort of their own life but also a better development of their following generations .
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced , it becomes possible for people to make decision to take genetic test so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which can affect their next generation .
The debatable question , an ethical dilemma , is that are people responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite obvious .
And there are two basic reasons .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible for your next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and give birth to the baby , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well .
Being the parent , you are not responsible to you next generations , since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being aware of it .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance about whether to have child or not .
And if you still decide to have the baby , since the technology has been developed so advanced , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering gene is perfected and widely used , you can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future .
This is the responsibility of being a parent .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing at the first place .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone the genetic testing and being aware of carrying some specific genetic risk , there are responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and your following generations by telling your relatives and families the truth .
Consider a case , we decide to undergo genetic testing and have known the result of it .
We found that we actually are the genetic risk carrier .
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
There are really a lot of things we need to consider .
Every choice we have made may have a huge impact on their whole life .
As a result , what should we do ?
Tell them or keep this secret until we die ?
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
Once we found we were carrying this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits like eating less sugar contained food and keeping a good mood .
And it is important for those young people .
The earlier we tell them , a better habit they will arise and better for the rest of their lives .
What's more they may undergo genetic test as well to see whether they are carrying it or not which is also better for them .
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused social extensive controversy .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected .
He or she has the right not to tell anyone .
However , in my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her actual situation .
This essay will illustrate in two aspects .
First of all , it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Some of the diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and save much time for proper treatment .
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment .
So for the consideration for the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic disease passed to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
They should let their spouse know about his or her situation before marriage .
They need to ask for doctor's advice before they plan to have a baby .
Some genetic gene will pass only to boys rather than girls , some are on the contrary .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may have risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
I noticed a real story on newspaper years ago .
A couple in China have a son of 5 years old .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosis a kind of genetic disease which is very serious .
They were told that the wife's family was carrying the polygenetic disorder and can pass only to boys rather than girls .
Therefore their son was inherited the genetic disease .
However , the wife actually had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband .
The son was died after one year's treatment and the couple got divorced later after that .
If the wife had not hind the truth and asked for doctor's advice before they have baby , the tragic would not happen .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier's family the possible disease they may have and can perform treatment in time if possible .
On the other hand , it may pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier hides the truth .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do a genetic testing .
We cannot deny that the genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face the disorder problem .
However , I thought that the genetic information is one person's personal privacy which should be protected by the law .
Therefore , I thought a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
There are three reasons as follows .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family even broken the relation between children with the adult .
Once his or her family or relatives know that the person does not have the relation with them .
However happy they were before , there would be some barrier appears which will truly destroy the family gradually .
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way; it is something much deeper and tighter .
The parents give knowledge and love to the children , meanwhile they feel happy with the accompany of the children .
The children rely the parent to live .
When they grow up , they take care of the old parents and thank for their dedication .
The relation between parents and children is something about love and dedication .
Everyone does not want to see the scene of the broken family due to the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person's permission .
Finally , the technology of testing the gene is not very mature now .
There also exists some probability of wrong testing .
If the wrong testing was not found by the doctor , the family and the children may be sad and have a struggling life for their whole life .
Therefore I think a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore , considering the people's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , for the peace of the family , I support that a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person's permission .
A Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell His or Her Relatives
More and more illness are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of the medical technology .
People will know about whether they carry a disease on their genes after they have done the genetic test .
If there is no problem , that will be wonderful .
However , not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes .
Therefore , once people find they have carried the disease genes , they should be responsible to tell their relatives , at least their family members .
If he or her not get married , he or she must tell his or her partner that he carries disease gene .
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of the doctors .
Or else , if he holds back the genetic risk , they may have a unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or end of their marriage .
People cannot avoid carrying the disease genes , which they born with .
However , they can avoid the disease genes being inhered to their children .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make their family members bond closely , also many risks and conflicts can be avoided .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect each individual at risk for a disorder .
However , there rises a family-related ethical dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the rights to know the result .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
In some cases , a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the others' risk somehow .
However , I believe it is just a usual reaction to this situation .
In addition , though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life , how people can face more dramatic tragedy such as sickness or death if they cannot even overcome this harsh situation .
Life is hard but people cannot blame it on being unfair .
It is just because that you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard time .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling the result to your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy of each other as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone's health .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of the society and anxiety about the risks .
To put it in the nutshell , I believe that people should have the obligation to tell their relatives about the genetic testing result for the good of their health .
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their family .
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition is also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and if necessary to guide them if he/she wish to conduct a similar genetic testing .
Social media has been playing a vital important role in our lives today .
It is almost imposible for us to keep way from it .
I started invoving into Facebook one years ago ,when I just arrived singapore .
And now I got over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundrends of seeds every day .
We know each others' status , changements and so on through the social media .
For an example , if we change our contact numbers , we will not send SMS to each of individual any longer .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform this kind of changments .
And if you are not on it , you will just get lost .
In certain aspects , social media has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
It is becoming even more convinient than talking throught the phone since it is free .
We discuss every thing we like and we have more personal space .Our friends also got more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
And also , we get a chance to talk to public people like popular stars and know their life better .
In China , a lot of government organizations have open blogs to communicate with people , like firefighters , police stations and so on .
Socia media allows them to explain to or inform people what is going on .
And actually lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media like looking for people get lost and so on .
With more convinient and humanian communications , the relationship between government and people get largely improved .
What's more , various of cultures can be shown to us through social medias .
We can know more news and cultures through socia medias .
From this scope , social media has shorten our distance .
However , we get less chance and less importance to talk face to face since social media is so convinient , advanced and interesting .
And even we gather together more people find themselves has less topics to talk than before and choose to digging from their social media again .
When we are far away , social media makes it as we are infront of each other; sometimes when we are by each others' side , we are seem to be further than far away .
This kind of feeling makes people's relationship not as stable , secure and reliable than before .
Besides , there are more people shwing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experience .
To some extent , this makes our life more luxry and blundering .
For myself , I am long to some places after I saw those beatiful pictures taken by my firneds .
Sometimes I even canoot sleep well because of excitement .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and left us less time to think about our life .
Social media is becoming more important and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better .
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills requires practice .
Besides that , these skills requires time to develop and adapted .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stint; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important use of social media .
While millions of users are connect at any one time , any information can be readily available at their perusal .
This improves the connectivity between the users .
For an example , one is able to send notifications and other information we use to have them in hardcopy previously , over the web and the process takes seconds .
The receipent ,will then receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
This covenience can be percieved as almost in realtime .
Next , communication are also greatly improved .
In the past , vast communication are done by one of the many such a telegram , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
With the welcoming of application such as Skype and Facetime , any individual can phase off most , of the olden days communication methods .
Aside from hearing the voice , a webcamera could also be affixed to emulate a 'real' interaction with expressions and gestures .
Communication would have took a different turn without the easily available social media .
However , it is a good practice not to intesively use social media all the time .
Intimate interaction greatly lack in social media interactions , particularly the touch .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recepient .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessarily parts of the skills required for a proper interpersonal relations .
It is also entire incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skill .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills on its own - some has it , some does not .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance of utilising tests , and ranked .
Fundamentally , those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed .
Though social media need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , friends .
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The space of separation between the parties must also be looked at .
For people who are living very far from one another , the intensive use social media is justified .
For those who lives within the community should at least meet up , and not use social media as the primary source of communcation with each other .
And at the same time , improves the interpersonal skill , through dynamic practises betwwen individuals and realtime presence .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting .
First , social media networks have a lot user base , it helps to link people from different parts of the world .
In the days without the social networks , people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they never meet before .
Their number of people that they know may only limited to the people they meet in daily life like classmates and working partners .
Therefore , social networks brings more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they never known before , and this helps to develop the interpersonal skills as well .
The wolrd is incresingly becoming flat by all kinds of social network website such as facebook and twitter .
We can even know what a friend who leave thousands of miles away eat for lunch though these kinds of social media .
From some points of view , social really has a lot of advantages by let us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently .
However , its disadvantages also cannot be ingnored when you cosider it as a platform to show off and a stage for cyber crime .
Social network sites provides us many convenience .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends through phone , we can know his of her latest news by scaning the webpage .
It can help us know more about each other .
It can make people become closer as well .
For example , if you find out one of your friend's favourite singer is Justin Biber through facebook , you can give him or her Justin Biber's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift .
It will be really sweet and you two will surelly become closer .
In addition , social network site can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away .
I met some canadian friends in Egypt .
Without facebook , we may lost contact .
However , thanks to facebook , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they are doing recently as we living close to each other .
The disadvantages of social network media are quite undeniable .
A research shows that people will unconsciously hide his or her real thought when he or her say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
It means that one cannot know another's real thought and personalities by reading things that he or she put on social network media .
It will make him or her quite upset when they communicate in real life .
In addition , with all those "nice" guys around on the social network website , one may neglect people surrounding him or her but just communicate with friends on facebook .
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cellphone .
This kind of behaviour is not good to people's psychological health according to a research .
The cyber communication is quite different to face to face communication and people who depends on cyber communication too much will not get used to the real life communication .
In addition , cyber relationship cannot always work in real life .
With no close relationship in real life but only close cyber friends , one is more possibly to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others by our five senses .
With the willing of people to become the best among others , social network site now become a place to show off .
Some people will to post their expensive thing or the oversea places of interest they have been on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
It is a mental unhealth and it may trigger people especially teenagers to become material .
The last but not the least  , with all kinds of personal information on one's social network page , it is covenient for criminal to make use of this information to commit a crime .
Above all , social network site is like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it such as put less personal information on his or her facebook page .
People with close blood relationship generally carry some similar genes .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others known about the risk so that his/her familay members are able to perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease .
I agree with this statement to a large extent .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept as a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep the privacy , but it has much larger negative impacts to the family members and relatives .
First , for the case of marrige , people should be honest and tell his/her spouce they may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offsprings .
It is better to let the other party know the fact than after the baby is born and certain type of genetic disease is found .
It is better for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene together with their daily habits .
For example , if a carrier is told that he/she has the risk to have diabetes .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake to much sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier tell this information to the relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future becouse of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know , they may end up with to have diabete in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers relatives overweights the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives , in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises .
The modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication to be faster than never before .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within the contemporary society; and , people can communicate with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
They can even make new friends over similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world .
However , critics may argue that with the existence of social media sites have reduced physical human interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
This essay will discuss about both the benefits and down sides of using social media in the contemporary society .
Nowadays , social media are able to disseminate information faster than any other media .
There are about 50% of the people who have learnt about breaking news from social media .
This is due to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time on reading newpapers .
Furthermore , with the current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediate to the people around them .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated are reliable .
There might be false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media .
For example , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
This had caused panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this had resulted temporarily closed of schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information in a realtively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber polices who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to control almost every social networking movement .
Social media are able to improve relationship and make new friends , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Many of the teenagers today claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .
In the past , people used to writing letters to their friends and it will take relatively long time to send the letter over .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up wth each other conveniently .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends find who have simliar interests or hobbies .
However , in order for people to maintain their relationship as well as making new friends , it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
In addition , there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each other as they cannot sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over miscommunication .
But , if there is trust and mutual understand on social media , it will be ideal for people to improve relationship and make new friends .
In conclusion , social media in the contemporary society is able to help one improve relationship and make new friends , as well as , disseminate information efficiently to the masses .
However , there are risks of false information and chances of miscommunication .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of .
All-in-all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in future .
Advantages: Social media sites have greatly ease long distance communication and interaction due to its accessibility and convenience .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interaction .
With just a touch away from any meida/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
Thus , long distance relationship or friendship can be maintain and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of status of one's personal feeling or experience and able to reply to these posts allowed human interaction to be engage and expand with ease .
Introverts or those who are shy to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platform .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms .Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another , making human interaction possible at one's own convenience .
The society will adapt to such phenomenon as physical interaction are transformed into cyber interaction .
With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .
This will greatly help a society to progress rapidly .
Disadvantages: One of the main concerns of using social media platform to communicate is credibility .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proven physically as media limits this physical interaction , except when using a webcam to chat .
We cannot be certain for sure the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we received through the Inetrnet .
We may in actual fact communicating with a hoax Facebook acccount of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real but in reality , it is a fake account .
Photos and informations retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricts actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Although emocons can be used to show certain emotion , this differs from the real authentic emotion of your friends when you observed them through their body language and their facial expression .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interaction .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has affected human inter-personal behaviour since communication is made through social media instead of meet-ups .
This lowers the experience of human ability to interact with one another which can adversely shape one's behaviour .
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans with not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
Therefore , for an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of both social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction within its people .
Nowadays , people can even use their phone to read news and everyone can be the first witnesses of what is happening in the world .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what is their friends' recent activity .
Nevertheless , they still can use phone to do normal call and message to contact .
Not only the phone did the jobs for them , but also devices like personal computer , laptop , tablet , and many other devices which are able to connect to internet .
It is obvious to see that internet saves people's time and also connect people globally .
Several arguments have been made regarding the social media actually have some inevitable disadvantages to people .
When people get use of using socia media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and lost eventually .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in face and not be trained in their conversation skills .
As a result , social media helps them do the jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media does have some other advantages beside their general benefits to human being .
First of all , people saves money by using internet to contact other people and reading news .
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in other country via socia media software instead of making international call which costs a lot to normal salary family .
He can even talk to her daughter face-to-face using video call via internet .
Secondly , people makes friends all over the world and able to update their friends his recent activity easily .
A guy who is going travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone calls , he might be able to get his whereabout using social media .
These are the advantages that save works most of the time .
In conclude , socia media benefits people in several ways but in the same time harms people .
People should avoid the misuse of socia media and use it in the proper way .
With the aids of social media , people bonds globally , information flows rapidly , and human lives happily .
All of us are living in the technology realm society .
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
It started withthe invention of technology which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we travel by ship and now we can use airplane to do so .
In the past , it took a few days to receive a message as we need to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail which stands for electronic message to send messages to our friends or even use our handphone to send our messages .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier we can see that distance between us and our loved one are getting further apart .
This is because by the ease of technology such as airplane , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even you are away from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life .
Thus , this makes Twitter and Facebook become one of the medium that we need .
Nevertheless ,everything in life has positive and negative effects .
This is applicable to these social media sites .
The next two paragraphs will be discussing about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society .
With the help of social media tools  , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are away from them .
Social media sites such as Facebook has allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
This approaches help the parents to communicate with their children and know what kind of activities that their children have when they are overseas .
The social media is beneficial as it connect you and your loved one even though you are separated by the distance .
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there is also disadvantages of social media tools .
One of them is that it reduce the level of concentration especially among the youngsters .
This is because it is part of everyone's habit to check their facebook's page as their friends will post something new every second .
Thus , you can see that some students will browse facebook while attending lectures .
This means that the students are not concetrating when they supposed to do so .
As a result , it could affect their lives and studies .
This will then could lead to stress as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they were distracted .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility of their own lives by making a right decision .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using social media sites  , however in this case striking balance between social media and lives is the most important thing to do .
Nowadays , the use of the sociall media platforms is a commonplace in our lives .
In increasingly globalised world , such platforms even enhances and compliccates the links between indivduals in the world .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , without having to travel to meet up for business purposes for companies or personal reasons .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , resulting in some negative impacts in individuaul's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies as a whole .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .
As people feel more confident online where they do not have to face in real-life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
This results in lack of interpersonal skills in individual , especially young students as they always have option to turn their back to the real-life and go online .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but have to face things in real life .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to interact people in real-life .
Another problem with social media is that , the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy is not relfected as something positive to the users .
The reason why it is so addictive is , that the more people get into the social media , they seek attention from their friends .
However , such sparks of sudden attention is extremely short-termed and gone eaily thus does not add any value or meaning to the user's life .
Also , according to a research , it has been proven that the users feel more sad after using the Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people's lives .
But seriously , most people only post the happiest moments in their lives .
Social media definitely has some other strong benefits that make the users stay is the links among the people .
Indeed , I myself use Facebook just because of the friends' contacts that I want to keep .
However , the friendship on such virtual world is so superficial which is not so relevant to the real-life .
Also , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the hugh human traffic on such social media sites , they make it as a pond to fish the customers by uploading many advertisements .
Furthermore this also possibly triggers the privacy issues as the Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
As this happens , users are more and more pron to any possible frauds .
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media , but do we really get connected or falling apart ?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people , from around the world .
The idea seems great , and nowadays most people even the older generation will have at least one social media platform like Facebook .
The parents are now the "friends" of their kids , and they can now "follow" their kids more closely and on real time .
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected with their so called friends .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
First and foremost , I would like to share on the advantages of using such social media in my daily life .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people from different background and at different settings .
We may meet only once but we exchange our contact numbers as well as facebook account in order to keep in touch .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like facebook is a great way for friends from different field or even from different parts of the world to be connected .
Within clicks , we could check on the friend's profile and read on for his/her updates .
On another hand , we could update our profile by posting on the wall and our friends could read up on the newsfeed .
This allows friends that may not have the time for meet up to still connected in a way .
Not only that , new friends can be easily met through such online platforms .
Hence , our social circle is indeed expanding .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that falls us apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time reduction on face-to-face contact .
This subsequently leads to the poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
For example , we tend send a birthday wishes when Facebook promts us "Today is someone's birthday" .
In fact , we may have just forgotten our friend's birthday .
We used to send wishes cards during festive season like Chinese New Year , and we feel so good to write one and of course to receive one with stamps on it .
Gone were the times , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes .
As time passed , we may have more "friends" on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
In a nutshell , every sword has two edges .
The users of every social media sites need to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its impacts on the actual life that we have .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings but social media sites are only the tools to enhance it .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in the society .
I believe 80 percents of people plays social media sites .
These sites play the role of connecting people around the world .
It consists of the function of connecting , sharing , interacting and advertising .
However , there are also some disadvantages occur due to the social media which are concerned in the society .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life .
First , with the function of social media sites that connects the people , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and families , or even strangers without any time and place constraints .
Through the social media sites , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
There are over thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without travel to the countries .
It saves a lot of money and time as well as strengthen our relationship although we stay at different places around the world .
Besides that , company also can use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype to facilitate the meeting with parties of project from around the world .
Substantial cost is saved without the tiring travel from one point to another point .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in the other sectors which benefits company more and boost up the company's profit .
However , there are two sides of stories always .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between human .
Since ancient times , human interact with others face by face .
Without the facial impression , it is easier to misunderstand the intention of speakers .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
'Privacy' , this is the word that popular in these few decades .
Human has their own rights and privacy .
I believe that most of us agree with these terms .
However , there is news about the social media sites leaks users' information to companies with cash reimbursement .
Everything we type in the social media sites is recorded in the server and then transfer to the companies for spying and advertising .
Although it looks like no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
You are not only controlled by the government laws but also spied by the government .
In conclusion , everything has two sides of stories .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
To utilize the technology well , we should do our effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and next generation .
With the wide spread of advanced technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
Getting connected on social media such as facebook and twitter has become a main trend as well as daily work nowadays .
With this situation , both advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life .
On one side , it is obvioualy that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get contact with each other every time and everywhere .
Whether we are at home or at school , at work or on a holiday , we are able to communicate and interact with our friends .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , social media make it possible to have interaction by keep writing comments .
When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use the social media to get contact with our friends .
Some people who are try to talk in the public can also actively take part in the group chatting via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites have made it more convenient for people ot update friends' status and contact with friends more frequently .
On the other side , we need to rethink about the influences brought by the social media .
There are still many disadvantages of using social media .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
While social media brings convenience to people life , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has a time and place requirement .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved under this situation .
Secondly , people's over-addition may avoidably , to some degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking .
More and more networking has been transferred to internet from real life .
This is a potential danger for teenagers who are growing with social changes to get hurt .
Thirdly , a lot of updating of luxury living standard as well as other show-off situations may make people's daily life more and more grandiloquent , which is not an accurate social growing trend .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addition and their study and work may be greatly influenced .
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media , and we cannot deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend of using social media may be still lasting for a long time .
Therefore , everytime when we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid be affected by the disadvantages .
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we make better use of the social media .
In the sophisticated era like these days , experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
Geographical and transportation borders are not a problem anymore because communication and information technologies were enhanced continuously .
Telephone may be perceived as a big innovation created ever when the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
However , since internet were known , telephone started to give way to social media sites .
Many advantages are given to the users .
Let us take example from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
