What is genetic risk  ?
Genetic risk refers  to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease  .
People get certain diseases because of genetic changes  .
How much a genetic change tells us about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear  .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease  , it does not mean that you definitely will will develop heart disease  .
The opposite is also true  .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease  , it is still possible that you develop heart disease  .
However  , for some rare diseases  , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease  .
When we are diagnosed with a certain genetic disease  , are we supposed to disclose this result to our relatives  ?
My answer is no  .
On the one hand  , we do not want this potential danger causing frightening effects on our families' later lives  .
When people around us know that we have got a certain disease  , their attitudes will easily be changed  , whether it becaring about us too much or keeping away from us  .
And both are not what we want   , since most of us just want to live as normal people  .
Surrounded by such concerns  , it is very likely that we will be too distracted to worry about these problems  .
It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life  , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb'' will explode  .
On the other hand  , if there are ways that can help us to control or cure the disease  , we can go through this process with the whole family  .
For example  , if exercising is helpful for apotential family disease  , we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise  .
And we can keep track of all family members' health  .
At the same time  , we are prepared to know when there are other members who have got this disease  .
Here I want to share Forest's view on this issue  .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings  , there is currently no legal requirement to do so  .
In fact  , requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious  .
Nothing is absolutely right or wrong  .
If a certain genetic test for a disease is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and to make it known to others  , it is OK to disclose the result  .
Above all  , life is more important than secrecy  .
Debates have been around for years  , as to whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to inform his or her relatives  .
Any individual at risk of a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing  , but whether the results should be informed to others  , especially close family or distant relatives  , is a topic  worth discussing  .
This is an issue that needs to be addressed as a family-related ethical dilemma is involved  .
In this essay  , a few arguments will be pointed out in  support of  any carrier of a known genetic risk telling his or her relatives  .
When we were born  , we were surrounded by our relatives  , with them welcoming us to this new world  .
We were crying hard but we were not alone  .
It's our family that grow us up  .
Hence  , they are people we should be grateful for and the people we would like to share  joy with  .
However  , in the case of any health issue or to the extent of a serious disorder  , there may seem to be no point in sharing  , but this involves more than just sharing of bad news  .
One definitely has the right not to disclose one's health issues to anyone  , but it's also one's responsibility to inform the family  .
If a health issue is related to genetic risk  , with thekeyword on "genetic"   , this highlights the risk of passing on the disorder to the next generation  .
Therefore  , I would agree  that it's obligated for a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives  , to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raise up in the future  .
Although one may argue that it's still up to the individual whether to disclose such a health issue or to bear it to him/herself  , it's certainly helpful to share with close relatives  , for a proper discussion about solutions  .
By doing so  , one will feel less stressful in facing such a disorder risk  .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic risk  .
As a result of informing them  , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle with such a disorder risk  .
On top of that  , as the genetic risk may pass down to the next generation  ,  it will involve more than just one family  .
It is therefore I would agree with the obligation to tell the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and has a plan for giving birth  .
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemmas  .
There are more intangible advantages that could support  informing their relatives once the results are known after the test has been conducted  .
In conclusion  , in order to avoid  family-related ethical dilemmas  , it is best for any carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives  .
The benefits of doing so  outweigh its disadvantages  .
More support must be provided through different means to give better direction when someone is standing of such junction whether they should   inform the relatives  .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk of a disorder  .
This is the common law in  society  .
However  , it leads to a new problem that can be summarised as "should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives  ?"
This issue has been discussed for a long time  .
However  , there is still a diversity of points of view among  people  .
Thus  , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue   .
Firstly  , I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below: "I would be anxious about my family member if he or she told me that he or she was a carrier of a known genetic risk"  .
Frequently  , the intention for the carriers not wanting to tell their families is to continue their own life without the anxiety of their families  .
It is obvious that it will be better for one person to be worried than many  .
However  , many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges oneself  .
With the families' support  , there must be more energy to fight against  the demon  .
The demon is not easily  defeated and it requires much  energy and psychological support  .
Families give you the courage and support which you cannot retrieve by yourself  .
That is the most essential element to overcome the challenges  .
Besides that  , the risk of the known disorder is very serious that it cannot be described  .
The seriousness can be larger than our imagination  .
Lying on a bed for the remaining life  , and even dying immediately  , these are  consequences which we cannot imagine  .
Families are thedearest people in our life  .
Without their concern and support  ,   .
They play an important role in our life which cannot be substituted  .
A known genetic risk can also critically affect the next generation  .
Therefore  , it is our responsibility to tell our relatives  , to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences  .
Generally  , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier's family without the agreement of the carrier  .
It is the ethic of staff in a hospital to keep the secret of any patients  .
.
However  , the hospital can provide a councilor to advise the carrier about the action that can be taken  .
Therefore  , this kind of circumstance will not happen again and again  .
It is a method that benefits the twoparties  , which is a win-win situation  .
In conclusion  , a carrier of a known genetic risk is encouraged to tell his or her relatives about the known genetic risk  .
However  , there may be some special case that is hard to define  .
Thus  , advice from the hospital plays an important role in this  .
The carrier is responsible for balancing his or her own interests and the benefits tothe family and even society  .
It is a hard decision to make but by choosing the most appropriate way  , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and their family in the future  .
With the risk of being genetic disorder  , many individuals have done the decision to undergo genetic testing  .
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are done  , each individual that is diagnosed as being a genetic risk carrier faces an ethical problem: should they warn their relatives about the risk of being a carrier of the same genetic risk  ?
Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed  .
In the view of my point  , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives  ,  for the following reasons  .
First of all  , from the angle of human rights  , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others  .
This diagnosis can be regarded as a kind of privacy to carriers  .
They may  not want this truth to influence their life or may want to keep it as a secret and  not let others know about it  .
This is reasonable since  exposure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated against or  by others  , which are not positive factors brought to their life  .
Secondly  , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing  , regardless of the diagnosis of the carrier  .
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers  , they can go and approach a doctor to consult about it  .
If they do not want to think too much about it and view it as a trouble  , they may just ignore the possibility  .
However  , if a diagnosed carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives  , the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers  .
This  their own willingness as  they have to accept the truth  , which may make their following life miserable  .
Many people may argue that setting an obligation may help more people who are the relatives of  carriers save their lives  because of  early diagnosis  .
However  , this is not exactly true when other factors  , including psychological influence  , social influence  , are taken into consideration  .
If one such relative is told that he or she may have a higher risk of getting sick  , he or she may  be scared about the unknown life  , partners  , spouse and colleagues may choose to leave  , and many other situations may happen which means the relative's life may be ruined  .
On the other side  , as stated above  , a person who wants to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually  .
In summary  , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have the  right to decide whether to tell their relatives or not  .
This should be accepted from the point of view of human rights  , freedom of acceptance of relatives and for many other social reasons  .
Otherwise  , making it an obligation will restrict the choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives  .
For a carrier of a genetic disorder  ,  knowing the fact that he or she is a carrier causes more dilemma  than getting the disorder  .
I agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives  .
There are four reasons why people don't have to be shy and should share their problems regarding a genetic disorder  .
Firstly  , the carrier and his or her family can take precautions  , physically  , through actions to reduce the chance of it being inherited by offspring and  , mentally  , if the action fails to prevent it being inherited  .
Many syndromes  , such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome  , can be prevented from happen if the mother undergoes proper medication and doesn't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period  .
This information may not be known by the mother if she doesn't tell her relatives about her condition  .
The more people (relatives) know about her problem  , the more information channels are provided  .
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome  , then the family have to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children's growth  .
This is not the parent's fault because there are still chances of the gene being inherited  .
So  , they also have to prepare mentally  .
Secondly  , genetic diseases cost highly for the treatment and medication  .
Albinism is one of the examples  .
People with albinism have sensitive skin and it needs regular treatment  .
Unlike people with a high proportion of skin pigment  , people with albinism are prone to sunburn and other skin diseases  .
If they don't treat their body well  , such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunscreen  outdoors  , the chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer  .
Once you suffer from cancer  , the medication costs are very expensive  .
To prevent the bigger problem from happening  , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body  .
If the carrier doesn't tell his or her relatives  , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially  .
Thirdly  , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems  .
One of the diseases is sickle cell trait  .
Usually  , people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problems such as blood blocking  .
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives  , then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and don't need to be shy about it because it is for the sake of their children's health  .
Fourthly  , it is important for the parents to give mental boost to their children with a genetic disorder  .
When their children become teenagers  , a lot of social problems may arise  .
People and friends often mock  your condition  .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be built from within and by the closest ones  .
If not their family  , then who else  will be willing to do that  ?
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have prepared their mental first by disclosing the information about the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder  .
In this modern world  ,  technology has improved a lot compared with the last century  .
Particularly in the medical field  , there is  great improvement in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases  , and genetic testing is one of the methods which are used to diagnose whether an individual is at risk of a genetic disorder  .
The medical authorities claim that only the individual who is at risk of a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing  .
However  , once a test has been conducted and the results are known  , a family-related ethical dilemma is born  .
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives  .
In my opinion  , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this  .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this  .
As many people realize  , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier's relatives  , that is  , one of the family members being at risk of a genetic disorder means that other family members also have almost the equally risk of having it  , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family  .
Every family member has the  right to know what is going on with them  .
If they do not even know that they are at risk of a genetic disorder  ,   ?
For instance  , John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk of a genetic disorder but he does not tell his sibling  , James  , about this  .
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent  , he should know what is likely to be going on with him  .
It might be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder  .
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having the similar genetic disorder  , preventing certain genetic disorders from affecting them  .
Genetic disorders are innate  , but the great improvement of medical treatment makes it possible for humans to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on them  .
In addition  , doctors usually quote a statement  , "Prevention is better than cure"; this gives us an idea that preventing a disorder from happening has far more advantages than curing it  .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder in a person  , and therefore  , this may make the prevention of a certain disorder possible  .
For example  , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors  , but environmental factors also play an important role  .
People who are aware of having a disorder can prevent the disorder from happen by adapting a healthy lifestyle  , including having a balanced diet and having at least 30 minutes of exercise every day  .
To sum up  , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives  .
It is their human right to know about that  , and this may also save their lives by preventing the disorder from happen  .
Together with the advancement of technology over past decades  ,medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly upgrading  .Empower  with advanced medical knowledge  ,doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent illness and take the necessary steps to protect their life  .However  , once a test has been conducted and the results are known  ,the question of disclosing the results to  relatives becomes a challenging issue for both patient and doctor  .I feel a strong urge to support the obligation to inform patients' relatives  .
As it is a genetic risk  ,the patient's next-of-kin might have a high chance of carrying the risk  .
Hence  , the need to inform their relatives is important so that necessary preventative actions can be taken before unforeseen circumstances occur  .For example  ,if you are the only child in a family and  , unfortunately  ,you are suffering from a genetic disease  , the genetic trait might be passed on to the next generation if you have a child  .
Hence  , by letting your family members aware of the situation  ,you would lessen family stresses and suffering owing to their forcing you to settle down and have children  .However  , social ethical issues like discrimination and privacy are the biggest concerns and potential barriers to enforce patients or doctors to disclose information to patients' relatives  .It challenges  confidentiality and privacy principles  .Currently  , under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996(HIPAA) in the United States  ,there is no legal obligation  to disclose information to relatives  .
It is up to the patient what they wish to disclose to their family members  .Early disclosure to family members brings  a positive reaction and prevention  ,as in the case of Angelina Jolie  .
She chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent  .I still can recall her reason for disclosing her own story was that she does not want to live in the shadow of cancer  .
However  ,there are still people who are against the decision to reveal private information  .As in the case of Alzheimer's patients  ,it is  the patient's own choice to disclose information  .However  ,research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret how and to whom Alzheimer's disease will be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact on family members (DementiaToday  ,2012)  .There are associations who provide help to Alzheimer's patients  ,like the Alzheimer's Association (Alzheimer's Association  ,1980)  .Although there are still thousands of people with genetic  diseases out there that might not be receiving help and support from everyone  ,the need to receive immediate understanding and support from family members is the utmost help that patients need in their difficult time  .
In conclusion  ,the state should pass a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors a doctor should opt to reveal to relatives  about the genetic disease and in which situations it should be open to the patient's decision  .In addition  ,the state could also encourage to create assistance schemes to aid the necessary help to  patients to encourage them to open up for their own benefit and for that of family members  .Although it may face challenges from social ethical issues  ,in the long term  ,with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government  ,more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measures to protect their own health and that of their loved ones  .
Nowadays  ,  studies in the genetic field are going further and further due to  high-velocity technological advancement  .
Not long ago  , the human genome project  , sponsored by several large multinational corporations (MNCs)  , was started  .
, in the field of genetic testing  , which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder  , as the technology is very mature already  , an even more popular topic arises  .
While most people agree that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not  , they have different stands regarding whether it is the patient's responsibility  to share the result with his or her relatives  .
In my opinion  , the patients who are carriers of some known genetic risk should share the truth with their family members  .
Admittedly  , it is a social obligation to be responsible for the life of other people  .
For the whole society  , it is a duty  .
Take H1N1 as an example  .
All the people in Singapore  ,  including students at school  , travelers at the Changi Airport  , workers in the offices as well as passengers on the street  , are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge  .
For those family members who care about them  , it is also a moral obligation  .
How can they not tell their loved ones who they really are and get their loved ones in danger  ?
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and loves each other with no doubts  .
Without trust and love  , there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together  .
Hence  , it is essential to tell  family members about the risk of a genetic disorder  , both as a social responsibility and as a favor to conserve the family   .
Moreover  , telling  family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their support  .
Without the support of loved ones  , patients' lives are no better than death  .
Family members  , as one of the closest groups of people from whom they can get comfort  , are a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible troubles as a result of genetic disorder  .
A study by New York University in 2010 showed that patients with family members around generally recover 2-4 days faster than those taken care of by professional nurses  .
Even for those patients with terminal diseases  , the duration of their survival is 30% longer due to  family support  .
Some people may say that telling the truth may arise some unnecessary doubts and panics which will endanger  family harmony  .
While every family needs to go through this or that kind of troublesome situation  , the more troubles  a family has gone through together  , the greater the bond will be  between the family members as well as the greater amount of trust  , love and understanding  .
Hence  , for a family in which every member truly believes in each other and loves each other   ,all these troubles are just tests to make them stronger  .
Just like in the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson  , what doesn't kill you makes you stronger  .
Being in Asian society  , where genetic testing is not a common practice  , I do think that it is the choice of the patient whether he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease  .
The courage to take the genetic testing and  to inform their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental while  , actually  , it is just a risk and not a confirmed case  .
Furthermore  , since it is the person's gene that is affected  , he has the right to determine with whom he wants to shares the information   .
Nevertheless  , while I fell that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk  .
I would like to suggest the person  at least share the information with her or his potential partner (husband or wife)  , since the individual's genetic risk may affect their future children  .
Many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic diseases and many of them will be most likely to judge or at least differentiate those who have genetic diseases  , since they feel that the patients are abnormal or 'weird'  .
This is because many relate genetic diseases to others such as Bubble-Boy disease  , autism or Down's syndrome  .
In those diseases  , many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases  .
While we do know that we should not discriminate against them based on their limitations  , many people still do it with or without them realizing it  .
In this particular case  , we are discussing  whether a person should tell his relatives about their having a RISK of a particular genetic disease  .
It is normal for people to demand   fair and similar treatment to  others and  , therefore  , it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently  .
Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and  , therefore  , they may just ignore the word 'risk' and assume that the person has suffered from the disease  .
To prevent that from happening  , I do feel that it is up to the person whether he wants to share the information with his family  ,  since his family may either be paranoid or judge him and act differently  .
Especially when it is just a risk  , the option is really his  , since he is not an actual sufferer  .
There may be some people who say that it is necessary whether to tell the family members about the risk  , since some of them may be affected  .
While I do think that this view has a point  , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case  .
Maybe we can trust our immediate family members  , but can we really trust all the other relatives  ?
Furthermore  , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal case  , it is up to the person to tell the relatives about it  .
However  , as I said earlier  , it is better for the person to at least tell his or her future partner about the potential risk  , since his genetic risk may affect his children later  .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children  .
There may be apossibility that both the husband and wife are carriers  , and  , therefore  , they should not have any children since their children may not be able to survive even after they are born  .
Or in a less extreme case  , the child may be disabled  .
This piece of information does play a role in family planning matters  .
Therefore  , although no one is obliged to tell anyone about their genetic risk  , they should be encouraged to tell   their future partner  .
In conclusion  , whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives about his genetic risk  , the choice is his because it is his own gene and he has the full right of it  .
He may have different considerations  or it may result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell   his relatives  , but no matter what choice he makes  , we need to respect it and we have no right to say that he must tell his relatives about it  .
We all know that life is priceless and we have no right to judge a person's death  .
With the improvements in technology  , a new life with a genetic risk can be detected  .
Genetic risk refers to the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease  .
Therefore  , an entirely new dilemma is born: should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives  ?
This essay will discuss the reasons why the relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have a genetic risk  .
One of the reasons that the parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable of raising a child with a genetic risk  .
The child with a genetic risk may not have the ability to work  , or to build up the family with the others  , and most of the time they are not acceptable to the majority  .
They may not be able to enjoy a life normal people can enjoy  .
This competitive world is cruel to those who is not able to survive  .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and endlessly to foster their child if he/she is not able to foster himself/herself  .
The situation may become worse if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease  , which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication fees  .
Not only the child but also the entire family will suffer  .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that are not able to work and may suffer  pain for their entire life  .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation's good  .
There are always newspaper reports that a new born baby has been abandoned at hospital after they realized the baby had diseases that need a huge amount of money to secure  .
For  countries like Singapore  , they are short of manpower to contribute to the nation  .
However  , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disabled such as through medical subsidies and building  special schools to educate them  .
Without an increasing number of disabled people in a nation  , the government is able to concentrate on developing in other ways like the military and education  .
As citizens of a nation  , they have a responsibility to support their country in many ways  .
Moreover  , in the world we are living in today  , many miscarriages are conducted in hospital every day  .
It is easier for people to accept it morally  .
Therefore  , I believe the parents have the right to know about the healthiness of their child  .
Many people may support  the theory that all people have the right to enjoy the world  , especially people with religions  .
However  , the problem is  , will the people really enjoy their life if they have to stay in hospital every day and with all the needles and endless pain  ?
Parents know what  is best for their children  , so they will make the right decision after they have been informed  .
Also  , human beings should improve the medical field in order to prevent this tragedy happening  .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives  .
Genetic testing is a personal choice  .
One should have the full control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to someone else  .
When a couple are going to have babies  , they  run a few tests and see whether they could have some genetic diseases  .
The results are disclosed to the husbands and wives  .
This is not the case I am talking about here  .
The most obvious reason of those who argue for this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases  .
They have the right to know whether they are at risk  .
Also  , telling them the result can let them tolargely reduce the cost of multiple testing   .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease  .
If a person has a disease C that might be a result of gene A  , he can run a test and know that he has the gene AA  .
This means both of his parents have gene A and they are both at high risk of having disease C  . They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are at high risk of having disease C  . If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa  , this means one of his parents has gene A and one cost of testing could be saved  .
His relatives can then take measures  , if this disease can somehow be prevented  , to stop this disease from taking their lives  .
However  , this can also be achieved   .
One can choose to tell their relatives if they are at risk  .
Most people care about their relatives  , so  , if there is no serious consequence of telling them   , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful  .
They might also choose to hint to or encourage their  relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that come about when they disclose their genetic results  .
There are possible negative consequences that those might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relatives  .
If a person is obliged to tell his/her relatives  , he or she might be discriminated against by those who do not carry this gene  .
He or she might even be advised not to get married or have children  .
For example  , if an unmarried person has gene Aa and gene aa is sufficient for a very serious disease  , after he takes the test and is obliged to tell his relatives  , everyone will know that he is a carrier  .
So  , if all the married couples  run a test and know they are not carriers  , they might subconsciously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well  .
Third  , it is hard to define relatives  .
If a gene runs in the family  , and one of the family members tests positive  , whom does he need to tell  .
If it is a big family  , is he obliged to tell everyone  ?
Spouses usually have very close relationships  .
If person A tells his family that he has this gene  , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needs to run a test because his cousine has this disease  .
However  , wife D is not even at  risk of having this disease  .
Then wife D might tell her mother  , who likes to gossip on her way to the theatre  .
In less than a week  , half of the town knows person A has a risked gene  , and his family might be a genetically risked family  .
Then nobody wants to marry A  , or his relatives  .
This is the potential consequence if one does not have full control of one's information  , especially when the party that one is obliged to disclose one's information to is a potentially large group (relatives)  .
In conclusion  , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives  .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle  .
After all  , what affects one family may or may not affect another   , although families have a common genetic make-up  , shared by either of the parents  .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder  , disclosing it or otherwise to his or her relatives is solely a matter of preference within the individual moral system  .
The issue of the right to know or not to know is highly debatable  .
Although there is a genetic risk  , one cannot be entirely sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the family of either parent - their maternal and paternal uncles  , aunts or cousins  .
This also means that as soon as a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile  , he or she concurrently has  knowledge about others  .
This knowledge may be relevant to them  , and vice versa  .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer  .
It is hereditary  .
Does someone who suffers from this disease keep it a secret or inform their relatives  ?
In retrospect  , it is also one's duty to ensure that they undergo periodic health checksof their own  .
Sometimes some family structures and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication  .
Depending on who the genetic risk was discovered in: the son or daughter  , for example  , the parents who know about this would decide who gets told and who takes  precedence in being 'allowed' to tell  .
For example  , within a family  , regardless of who had first received the information  , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility for passing on information to any offspring  , or adult  , at risk  .
In addition  , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself  , although this may be further complicated by an individual's response to risk information as they may not want to know  .
Hence  , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know (such as nieces and nephews) nor persuade those with authority (the parents) to do so  .
The notion of authority also extended 'vertically'  .
For example  , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt  , even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is  .
From a practitioner's perspective these findings are important because  , if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct  , they may not be in line with geneticists' views of family relationships  , or about which blood (or non-blood) relatives should be informed and by whom; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context  .
Ultimately  , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure  .
Whose duty it is to inform at-risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral and the nature of how 'directive' the risk is to them  .
A carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives
Nowadays  , people not only pursue the comfort of their own lives but also the better development of  following generations  .
Since the technology of modern society is so advanced  , it has become possible for people to make a decision to take genetic tests so as to be clear whether or not they carry a genetic risk which could affect the next generation  .
The debatable question  , an ethical dilemma  , is whether people are responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk  .
In my opinion  , the responsibility to tell family and relatives is quite obvious  .
And there are two basic reasons  .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and the health of your relatives  , and the second one is being responsible for the next generations  .
Your relatives' awareness of your genetic risk is good for your self-wellness and the health of your relatives  , because if you are carrying that genetic risk  , then there is a great possibility that your relatives  , like parents or siblings  , are carrying the same genetic risk as well  .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger  .
If you haven't undergone  genetic testing  , it's just  what will happen to both  you and your relatives  .
However  , if you have undergone tests and known that you are a carrier  , you are responsible for your whole family  .
Even though you cannot eliminate the risk completely  , you can at least try to be alert to avoid getting the disease  .
As for those in your family who are more likely to be affected  , they can go to the hospital to do  checks regularly  .
Therefore  , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even preventing getting the disease is your responsibility  .
Furthermore  , you are also being responsible towards your next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk  .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and gives birth to a baby  , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well  .
Being the parent  , you are not being responsible towards your next generations  , since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on from generation to generation and are aware of it  .
However  , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives  , you offer a chance about whether to have a child or not  .
And if you still decide to have the baby  , since the technology has been developed to such an advanced level  , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering genes is perfected and widely used  , and you can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future  .
This is the responsibility of being a parent  .
And in my opinion  , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing  genetic testing in the first place  .
As a conclusion  , once you have undergone the genetic testing and are aware of carrying some specific genetic risk  , there are responsibilities to your relatives  , yourself  , and your following generations to tell your relatives and family the truth  .
Consider a case  , wtell  ?cide to undergo genetic testing and have known the result of it  .
We found out that we actually are a genetic risk carrier  .
Then it becomes troublesome  whether we need to tell our relatives  , who may carry this genetic risk as well  .
There are really a lot of things we need to consider  .
Every choice we make may have a huge impact on their whole life  .
As a result  , what should we do  ?
Tell them or keep this secret until we die  ?
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives if we really care about their health status  .
For example  , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease  .
Once we find out we are carrying this genetic risk  , it is better for us to tell our family members  , because they may carry it as well  .
If we tell them  , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits like eating less food containing sugar and   .
And it is important for  young people  .
The earlier we tell them  ,  and it will be for the rest of their lives  .
What's more  , they may undergo genetic testing as well to see whether they are carrying it or not  , which is also better for them  .
However  , some people may argue  why we want to interfere with their lives  ?
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news  , especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like a blood disease which is untreatable  .
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your relative comes and tells you that actually there are some possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future  .
What kind of feeling are you going to have  ?
It may affect our daily lives and we will think about it every day  .
We become so anxious that we cannot focus on anything  .
At the same time  , there will also be chances that the genetic test result is not correct  , which means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing  .
So  , actually  , we are bringing them trouble  .
Personally  , I feel that we should still take our responsibility to tell them the situation  .
Since this will really affect their lives  , what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way  .
We cannot let it go  .
We should know that although we may affect their lives  , we can still let them make correct choices in the future  .
Only after we tell them will they start paying attention to their health  .
They will consider whether to give  birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to avoid their baby  carrying this genetic risk as well  .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not  .
Maybe after we tell them  , they will go for it and know more about themselves  .
I know it will have a huge impact on them  , but we should know that they are our loved ones  .
We need to tell them and help them  .
Genetic testing will be conducted when the itheir relatives  .idual is at risk of some possible disease  .
Once the test is done  , whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused  extensive controversy  .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and that privacy should be protected  .
He or she has the right not to tell anyone  .
However  , in my opinion  , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her actual situation  .
This essay will illustrate  two aspects  .
First of all  , it can be an alert to the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have  .
As we all know  , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass on the genes to their family members  .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying a risky gene  , other members in his or her family may also have a risk of disease  .
Some of the diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough  .
Therefore  , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble  and save much time for proper treatment  .
Sometimes  ,lives may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment  .
So  , for the consideration of the other family members  , the relatives should be informed  .
Secondly  , it can avoid genetic diseasesbeing passed to the next generation if they intend to have babies  .
They should let their spouse know about their situation before marriage  .
They need to ask for a a doctor's advice before they plan to have a baby  .
Some  genes will pass it only to boys rather than girls; some are on the contrary  .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse  , another life may have at risk of inheriting the genetic disease  .
I noticed a real story in a newspaper years ago  .
A couple in China had a son of 5 years old  .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosed with a kind of genetic disease which is very serious  .
They were told that the wife's family was carrying the polygenetic disorder and could pass only to boys rather than girls  .
Therefore  , their son had inherited the genetic disease  .
However  , the wife actually had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband  .
The son  died after one year's treatment and the couple got divorced  after that  .
If the wife had not hind the truth and had asked for doctor's advice before they had a baby  , the tragedy would not have happened  .
In summary  , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives  .
On the one hand  , it can tell members of the carrier's family about the possible disease they may have and they can perform treatment in time  , if possible  .
On the other hand  , if the carrier hides the truth  , they may pass the disease on to the next generation  .
Nowadays  , with the advancement of technology  , it is easy to do  genetic testing  .
We cannot deny that  genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face   .
However  , I think that  genetic information is a person's personal privacy which should be protected by the law  .
Therefore  , I think a person with a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives  .
There are three reasons   .
Firstly  , the information concerning   genes is something personal which is also a privacy like people's bank card key  .
Other people should not be told without the person's permission  , even if they are his or her family or relatives  .
The government should set a law to protect this kind of privacy  .
Once people's genetic information is told to other people  , they may know the person's potential disability   , disease or other bad things   .
They may set a bias on this person or even abandon him or her  .
People do not have the ability to choose their genes  , they should not be thought badly of because of a bad gene  .
So I think whatever the genetic risk is or whether the gene  matches with their parents  , it should not be told to anyone  ,  even his or her family or relatives  .
Secondly  , the carrier of a carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family or even break the relationship between children and the adults  .
However happy they were before  , there would be some barriers  which will truly gradually destroy the family  .
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way; it is something much deeper and tighter  .
The parents give knowledge and love to the children  .
Meanwhile  , they feel happy in the company of the children  .
The children rely on the parent to live  .
When they grow up  , they take care of the old parents and thank them for their dedication  .
The relationship between parents and children is  about love and dedication  .
No one wants to see the scene of a broken family due to the carrier of a known genetic risk  .
Therefore  , I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives   .
Finally  , the technology of testing the genes is not very mature now  .
There also exists some probability of wrong testing  .
If the wrong testing was not found by the doctor  , the family and the children may be sad and have a struggling life for their whole lives  .
Therefore  , I think a carrier of aknown genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives  .
Therefore  , considering  people's privacy and the existence of wrong testing  , for the peace of the family  , I support that a carrier of aknown genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives   .
A Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell His or Her Relatives
More and more illnesses have been discovered to be related to  genes through the development of  medical technology  .
People will know about whether they carry a disease in their genes after they have done the genetic test  .
If there is no problem  , that will be wonderful  .
However  , not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes  .
Therefore  , once people find out they are carrying the disease genes  , it is their responsibility to tell their relatives  , or at least their close family members  .
It may be awkward and embarrassed for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk  , but they are all from one family and own the same forefathers  , so of course they own the same genes in some part  .
Therefore  , there is nothing to be shy about or  afraid of  .
If the person tells their relatives that they are carrying a disease gene  , their relatives can go to hospital to check whether they have also got a disease gene  .
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the disease from occurring  .
They can also prevent the disease going to their offspring  .
If the relatives are carrying that disease gene  , they can share the experience with him or her and give some help  .
They will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue  .
If he or she not get married  , he or she must tell his or her partner that he is carryinga disease gene  .
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of the doctors  .
Or else  , if he holds back the genetic risk  , they may have an unhealthy baby and that may cause the death of the baby or the end of their marriage  .
There is a story I watched on TV  .
A couple did not have a child after being married for a long time  , so their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to the hospital to check what the problem was  .
After he came back from the hospital  , the man told his parents that the problem was that he was carrying a disease gene  , so  they could not have a baby   .
The woman did not know the test result  , but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce  her husband  .
After he got the divorce certificate  , the man showed her the test report; it wrote that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man  .
At that time  , the woman known how much her husband loved her  , but she had ruined her happiness  . 
People cannot avoid carrying  disease genes  , which they are born with  .
However  , they can avoid the disease genes being inherited by their children  .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene  , they can make their family members bond more closely  , and many risks and conflicts can be avoided  .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect each individual at risk of a disorder  .
However  , there rises a family-related ethical dilemma regarding whether it is right to tell a carrier's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known  .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the right to know the result  .
The answer is simply that everyone  , especially our family  , has the right to know the truth  .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results  , while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist  , the consequences will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know  .
Then they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and make emotional preparations  .
Take Angeline Jolie  , for example  .
She is famous but she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing and her breast cancer risk  .
Everything is not that bad if you know how to look on the bright side  , with hope  .
People may feel angry  , depressed  , or even guilty about their results  .
In some cases  , a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the others' risk somehow  .
However  , I believe it is just a usual reaction to this situation  .
In addition  , though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life  , how can people face more dramatic tragedies such as sickness or death if they cannot even overcome this harsh situation  ?
Life is hard but people cannot blame it on it being unfair  .
It is just because  you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard times  .
Furthermore  , living with a secret is not a good sensation  , especially if the situations of other relatives become worse  .
You could feel guilty and depressed  .
Moreover  , the truth cannot be hidden forever but when it is revealed  , it will be more shocking and upsetting  .
As a result  , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives  , so telling the genetic testing result is needed  .
Last but not least  , though genetic testing is a personal matter  , telling the result to your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy for each other  , as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone's health  .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of  society and their anxiety about the risks  .
In summary  , I believe that people should have the obligation to tell their relatives about the genetic testing result for the good of their health  .
It could be very difficult for them  , but necessary for the carriers and their family  .
In addition  , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition are also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and  , if necessary  ,  guide them if they wish to conduct  similar genetic testing  .
Social media play a vitally important role in our lives today  .
It is almost impossible for us to keep way from it  .
I started invoving  Facebook one year ago  ,when I had just arrived in Singapore  .
And now I got over 500 friends on Facebook   .
We know each others' status  , changements and so on through  social media  .
For  example  , if we change our contact numbers  , we will not send an SMS to each otherindividually any longer  .
Instead  , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform them of this kind of changments  .
And if you are not on it  , you will just get lost  .
In certain aspects  , social media have brought us quite a lot of convenience  .
It is becoming even more convenient than talking on the phone  , since it is free  .
We discuss everything we like and we have more personal space  .Our friends also get more access to  what we are doing and what we like  .
And also  , we get a chance to talk to public people like popular stars and know their life better  .
In China  , a lot of government organizations have open blogs to communicate with people  , like firefighters  , police stations and so on  .
Social media allow them to explain to or inform people about what is going on  .
And  , actually  , lots of rescue jobs are done with the help of social media  , like looking for people whoget lost and so on  .
With more convenient and  communications  , the relationship between government and people get largely improved  .
What's more  , various  cultures can be shown to us through social media  .
We can know more news and cultures through socialmedia  .
, social media have shortened the distance between us  .
However  , we get less chance and give less importance to talking face to face because social media are so convenient  , advanced and interesting  .
And even when we gather together  , more people find they have fewer topics to talk about than before and choose to   .
When we are far away  , social media make it as though we are in front of each other; sometimes  , when we are by each others' side  , we  seem to be further than far away  .
This kind of feeling makes people's relationships not as stable  , secure and reliable as before  .
Besides  , there are more people showing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experiences  .
To some extent  , this make our life more luxurious and   .
For myself  , I long to visit some places after I see those beautiful pictures taken by my friends  .
Sometimes I even cannot sleep well because of excitement  .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and leave us less time to think about our life  .
Social media are becoming more important and we need to think more to make them serve us better and better  .
Interpersonal skills  , like any other skills  ,require practice  .
Besides that  , these skills require time to develop and adapt  .
The burgeoning  social media definitely has its   , but  ,like all good things  , it is better to have it in moderation  .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important use of social media  .
While millions of users are connected at any one time  , any information can be readily available for their perusal  .
This improves the connectivity between the users  .
For  example  , one is able to send notifications and other information we used to have  in hardcopy  over the web  , and the process takes seconds  .
The recipient will then receive the information almost immediately  , depending on the quality of the network  .
This convenience can be perceived almost in real time  .
Next  , communication is also greatly improved  .
In the past  ,  communication was done by one of  many means  , such as telegram  , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls  .
With the welcoming of applications such as Skype and Facetime  , any individual can phase off most of the olden days communication methods  .
Aside from hearing the voice  , a webcamcan also be affixed to emulate  'real' interaction with expressions and gestures  .
Communication would have taken a different turn without the easily available social media  .
However  , it is  good practice not to intensively use social media all the time  .
Intimate interaction is greatly lacking in social media interactions  , particularly  touch  .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recipient  .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utilises the motor  , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to   .
Unlike  social media  , where most of the interaction is done by thinking and typing  .
As a result  , one does not train the necessary  skills required for  proper interpersonal relations  .
It is also entirely incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skills  .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences in people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skill on its own - some have it  , some do not  .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted  ,  utilising tests  , and ranked  .
Fundamentally  , those who scored lower  for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed  .
Though social media need not be necessarily bad  , it must be used accordingly - for work  , family  , friends  .
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing  , interacting  , discussion and others  .
The space of separation between the parties must also be looked at  .
For people who are living very far from one another  , the intensive use of social media is justified  .
Those who live within the community should at least meet up  , and not use social media as the primary source of communication with each other  .
And at the same time  , this improves  interpersonal skills  , through dynamic practices between individuals and realtime presence  .
The inclusion of intimate presence and  touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting  .
Recently  , the rise of social media has helped people to have a closer connection with each other  .
It is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face-to-face meetings  .
In my opinion  , social media websites such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face-to-face contact and thus negatively affect interpersonal skills  .
It may even increase the chance of having face-to-face contact between people  .
First  , social media networks have a lot user base  , andthey help to link people from different parts of the world  .
In the days before  social networks  , people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they had never met before  .
The number of people that they knewmay only limited to the people they met in daily life  , like classmates and working partners  .
Therefore  , social networks bring more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they never knew before  , and this helps to develop  interpersonal skills as well  .
Secondly  , although social networks take time for people to chat online but not face to face  , they may still decide a time online to meet others face to face in  daily life  .
In this case  , the social networks help people to increase the frequency of talk  .
For example  , if a social network does not exist  ,  business people need to meet each other face to face and it is  time consuming  .
Even sometimes with business that is not so important  , it still takes a lot of time for travel  , which is a wastage  .
However  , social network helps people to meet and chat much more easily  .
They can even use video chat and create a group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time  .
Nowadays  , some companies even conduct online video interviews with their applicants  , as it saves time and cost  .
The social network may also creat some negative impacts for  people  .
The largest negative impact is that  , due to the online network  , some people start to use and rely on the internet every minute  .
They take too much time on using online social networks and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in their real life  .
It not only affects  interpersonal skills but also is bad for people's health if they spend too much time on  social media  .
Secondly  , social networks may leak certain personal information to the public  .
As the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe  , people may not protect their privacy online effectively and  , sometimes  , some people may use others' personal information to deceive  .
In conclusion  , although the unsafe online environment and spending too much time on the internet may be  potential negative factors of using online social networks  , it provides people with more convenient contact  and improves the frequency of meeting with  others  .
It also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chatting  .
Overall  , there are more benefits than  costs  .
The world is increasingly becoming flat as a result of all kinds of social network websites such as Facebook and Twitter  .
We can even know what a friend who leave thousands of miles away ate for lunch through these kinds of social media  .
From some points of view  , social media really have a lot of advantages by letting us communicate with friends more cheaply and more conveniently  .
However  , their disadvantages also cannot be ignored when you consider them as a platform to show off and a stage for cyber crime  .
Social network sites provide us with many convenience  .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends on the phone  , we can know their latest news by scanning the webpage  .
They can help us know more about each other  .
They can make people become closer as well  .
For example  , if you find out one of your friend's favourite singers is Justin Biber through Facebook  , you can give him or her Justin Biber's new album or a concert ticket as a birthday gift  .
It will be really sweet and you two will surely become closer  .
In addition  , social network sites can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away  .
I met some Canadian friends in Egypt  .
Without Facebook  , we might have lost contact  .
However  , thanks to Facebook  , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they have been doing recently  , as we live close to each other  .
The disadvantages of social  media are quite undeniable  .
Research shows that people will unconsciously hide their real thoughts when they say or post something that will be exposed to the public  .
It means that one cannot know another's real thoughts and personality by reading things that they put on social  media  .
It will make them quite upset when they communicate in real life  .
In addition  , with all those "nice" guys around on the social network   , one may neglect people surrounding one and just communicate with friends on Facebook  .
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cellphones  .
This kind of behaviour is not good for people's psychological health  , according to  research  .
Cyber communication is quite different to face-to-face communication  , and people who depend on cyber communication too much will not get used to  real-life communication  .
In addition  , cyber relationships cannot always work in real life  .
With no close relationships in real life but only close cyber friends  , one is more possibly to feel lonely because a physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others through our five senses  .
With the willing of people to become the best among others  , social network sites have now become a place to show off  .
Some people will  post their expensive thing or the overseas places of interest they have been to on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so  .
It is a mental unhealth and it may trigger people  , especially teenagers  , to become materialistic  .
The last but not the least   , with all kinds of personal information on one's social network page  , it is convenient for criminals to make use of this information to commit a crime  .
Above all  , a social network site is like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it by putting less personal information on their Facebook page  .
People with a close blood relationship generally carry some similar genes  .
In this case  , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry a genetic risk  , it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others know about the risk so that his/her family members are able to perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the corresponding   .
In my opinion  , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy  , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell  his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease  .
I agree with this statement to a large extent  .
I will focus on the negative side of the disclosure of genetic risk first  .
Large numbers of patients with  genetic risk would want to keep it  a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance of carryinga certain disease  .
This is especially the case for young people who are unmarried  .
If he/she is known to have some genetic risk  , there may have a chance that his/her child will carry the same disease  , but not for certain  .
Therefore  , to keep the information  secret from his/her future spouse would help the relationship  .
Secondly  , disclosing the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this  issue  .
Although the  would not be that serious  , people would still fear that they will have some potential disease in the future   , and so  , go to hospital and do additional checks or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease  , and this creates unnecessary costs for the family  .
Furthermore  , the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as  , sometimes  , others may think not to stay too close to the carrier  , so that they have less chance of getting the potential disease  .
On the other hand  , if the genetic risk is kept  a secret  , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extent and help to keep  privacy  ,  it has much larger negative impacts on the family members and relatives  .
First  , in the case of marriage  , people should be honest and tell their spouse they may carry a certain genetic risk that might affect their offspring  .
It is better to let the other party know the facts   , rather than wait until after the baby is born and a certain type of genetic disease is found  .
It is better for both parties to be honest  .
Secondly  , genetic disease has a close relationship with the  together with their daily habits  .
For example  , if a carrier is told that he/she has the risk ofhaving diabetes  .
In this case  , the carrier could eat less candies and chocolates to prevent taking in too much sugar  , and at the same time  , if the carrier tells this information to the relatives  , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future because of related genes  , and they can perform the same exercise to take in less sugar to prevent the disease  .
Otherwise  , if the other parties do not know  , they may end up with  diabetes in the future without any prevention  .
In conclusion  , we can tell that the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers' relatives overweights the costs  .
Therefore  , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives  , in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercise  .
The modes of communication have been changing over the years  , from letter writing to social networking  .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology  , which has made communication  faster than never before  .
Today  , social media sites  , such as Facebook and Twitter  , are relatively common within  contemporary society  , and  , people can communicate with each other  , online or offline  , on these social networking platforms  .
They can even make new friends with similar interests on these platforms  , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world  .
However  , critics may argue that  the existence of social media sites has reduced physical human interactions between people as they prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends  .
This essay will discuss  both the benefits and downsides of using social media in  contemporary society  .
Nowadays  , social media are able to disseminate information faster than any other media  .
About 50% of  people  learn about breaking news from social media  .
This is due to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than  on reading newspapers  .
Furthermore  , with the current technology  , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have been made easier for consumers to use  .
Hence  , social media have benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediately to the people around them  .
However  , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated is reliable  .
There might be false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media  .
For example  , in 2012  , there were false rumors of fires  , shootouts  , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook  .
This caused panic among the people  , who flooded the local police department with  phone calls  , and this resulted in temporarily closed  schools  .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone  , given that social media can disseminate information at a relatively fast speed  .
Nevertheless  , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading   .
But  , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites  , despite high security to control almost every social networking movement  .
Social media are able to improve relationships and help us to make new friends  , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties  .
Many of the teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media  , regardless of their location  .
In the past  , people used to write letters to their friends and it would take a relatively long time for the letter to arrive  .
Therefore  , with the help of technology  , people are able to catch up with each other conveniently  .
Furthermore  , it will be easier to make new friends  who have similar interests or hobbies  .
However  , in order for people to maintain their relationships as well as make new friends  , it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties  .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party's feelings on social media as they may cover up their emotions while on social media  .
In addition  , there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each other as they cannot sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms  .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over miscommunication  .
But  , if there is trust and mutual understanding on social media  , it will be ideal for people to improve relationships and make new friends  .
In conclusion  , social media in  contemporary society are able to help one improve relationships and make new friends  , as well as disseminate information efficiently to the masses  .
However  , there are risks of false information and chances of miscommunication  .
Nevertheless  , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects  can be carefully taken care of  .
All-in-all  , social media are the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in the future  .
Advantages: Social media sites have greatly ease long distance communication and interaction due to their accessibility and convenience  .
With a globalised and interconnected world today  , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platforms for social interaction  .
With  any media/electronic devices  , one can easily interact and communicate with one's friends without much hassle  .
Thus  , long distance relationships or friendships can be maintained and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier  .
The sharing of personal photos  , posting of status or one's personal feelings or experience and the ability to reply to these posts have allowed human interaction to  and expand with ease  .
Introverts  , or those who are shy about communicating with their friends  , are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platforms  .
Thus  , socialising can occur seamlessly and effectively with the use of such social media platforms  .Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another  , making human interaction possible at one's own convenience  .
Society will adapt to such phenomena as physical interaction is transformed into cyber interaction  .
With the frequent use and reliance on  social media and the Internet  , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advanced and adapted to the highly connected world  .
This will greatly help a society to progress rapidly  .
Disadvantages: One of the main concerns of using social media  to communicate is trust  .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed cannot be proven physically as media limit this physical interaction  , except when using a webcam to chat  .
We cannot be certain of the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we receive through the Internet  .
We may in actual fact be communicating with a hoax Facebook account of a cyber friend  , which we assume to be real but  , in reality  , it is a fake account  .
Photos and information retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit a personal agenda  .
Thus  , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricts actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media  .
Although emoticons can be used to show certain emotions  , this differs from the real emotion of your friends when you observe them through their body language and their facial expression  .
The danger of such media socialising is the uncertainty of such communication due to the lack of physical interaction  .
Furthermore  , this lack of physical interaction has affected human interpersonal behaviour  ,  since communication is made through social media instead of meetings  .
This lowers the  human ability to interact with one another  , which can adversely shape one's behaviour  .
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans  will not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others  .
Therefore  , for an effective and efficient society  , there is a need to have a balance of both social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction   .
Nowadays  , people can even use their phone to read the news and everyone can be the first witnesses of what is happening in the world  .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what their friends' recent activity is  .
Nevertheless  , they can still use a phone to do normal calls and send messages to contact people  .
It is not only the phone that does  jobs for them  , but also devices like personal computers  , laptops  , tablets  , and many other devices which are able to connect to the Internet  .
It is obvious  that the Internet saves people's time and also connects people globally  .
Several arguments have been made regarding whether  social media actually have some inevitable disadvantages for people  .
People can only use electrical devices to access the Internet  .
Whenever they need to use social media  , they have to use a phone or internet  .
Generally  , people need their eyes to look at the screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device  .
As a result  , they will lose eyes to contact and hands to express their feelings to people nearby   , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face  communication  .
This can be easily seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays  .
A family of four having dinner in a restaurant without any chatting  , because they're holding and looking at their screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork  .
A group of friends having high tea in a caf without chatting as well  , because they do not know what totalk aboutkwithoutt pressing on theirscreenn  .Childrenn nowadays do not knowwhat neighbourhood games ares and who isg beside the;  , all they know is pressing icons one screens  .
These are some concrete examples of howesociala media reduce face-to-face human contact  .
When people get used to using social media to contact other people  , what will happen is that their interpersonal communication skills will be degraded and lost eventually  .
Firstly  , they have lost the courage to meet strangers  , not even the courage to talk  .
Also  , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in face and will not be trained in  conversation skills  .
As a result  , social media help them do their jobs but indirectly affect their interpersonal skills  .
Social media do have some other advantages besides their general benefits to human beings  .
First of all  , people save money by using the Internet to contact other people and read the news  .
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in another country via social media software instead of making an international call which costs a lot for a family on a normal salary  .
He can even talk to his daughter face-to-face using video calls via the Internet  .
Secondly  , people make friends all over the world and are able to update their friends on their recent activity easily  .
A man who is going travelling for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activities  .
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone calls  , he might be able to get his whereabouts using social media  .
These are the advantages that save work most of the time  .
In conclusion  , social media benefit people in several ways  , but at the same time harm people  .
People should avoid the misuse of social media and use it in the proper way  .
With the aid of social media  , people bond globally  , information flows rapidly  , and human lives proceed happily  .
All of us are living in   .
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect  with other people  ?
It started with the invention of technology  , which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades  .
In the past  , we travelled by ship  , and now  , we can use an airplane to do so  .
In the past  , it took a few days to receive a message as we needed to post our letter  , and now  , we can use e-mail  , which stands for electronic message  , to send messages to our friends or even use our handphone to send our messages  .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier  , we can see that distances between us and our loved ones are getting further apart  .
This is because with the ease of technology such as the airplane  , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies  , or even you are away from your family pursuing your studies or even careers   .
Thus  , this makes Twitter and Facebook  one of the media that we need  .
Nevertheless  ,everything in life has positive and negative effects  .
This is applicable to these social media sites  .
The next two paragraphs will discuss  the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society  .
With the help of social media tools   , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are away from them  .
Social media sites such as Facebook have allowed us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas  .
This approach helps parents to communicate with their children and know what kind of activities  their children have when they are overseas  .
The social media are beneficial as they connect you and your loved one even though you are separated by  distance  .
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family  , but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family  .
As I mentioned at the beginning  , there are also disadvantages to social media tools  .
One of them is that they reduce the level of concentration  , especially among the young people  .
This is because it is part of everyone's habit to check their Facebook page  , as their friends will post something new every second  .
Thus  , you can see that some students will browse Facebook while attending lectures  .
This means that the students are not concentrating when they are supposed to do so  .
As a result  , it could affect their lives and studies  .
This  then could lead to stress  , as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they were distracted  .
In my opinion  , every individual has to take responsibility for their own lives by making the right decision  .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using social media sites   , but in this case  , striking a balance between social media and life is the most important thing to do  .
Nowadays  , the use of social media platforms is  commonplace in our lives  .
In an increasingly globalised world  , such platforms even enhance and complicate the links between individuals in the world  .
Thanks to them  , people can get to know one another online  , without having to travel to meet up for business purposes  or personal reasons  .
However  , it is also bringing about some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world  , resulting in some negative impacts on individuals' daily lives and  , therefore  , becoming a large problem in society as a whole  .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites  , the importance of  face-to-face human contact has decreased  .
As people feel more confident online  , where they do not have to face  real life on the spot  , they feel more comfortable and  , thus  , prefer communicating online  .
This results in a lack of interpersonal skills in individuals  , especially young students  , as they always have the option to turn their back on  real life and go online  .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but  to face things in real life  .
As they are so used to having an online avatar  , they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to interact with people in real life  .
Another problem with social media is that the benefits of investing such enormous amounts of time and energy is not reflected as something positive to the users  .
The reason why it is so addictive is  , that the more people get into  social media  , the more they seek attention from their friends  .
However  , such sparks of sudden attention are extremely short-term    , so theydo not add any value or meaning to the user's life  .
Also  , according to  research  , it has been proven that  users feel sadder after using  Facebook  , and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people's lives  .
But seriously  , most people only post the happiest moments in their lives  .
Social media definitely have some other strong benefits that make the users stay   , and one of them is the links between  people  .
Indeed  , I myself use Facebook just because of the contact with friends that I want to keep  .
However  ,  friendship in such a virtual world is so superficial and is not so relevant to  real life  .
Also  , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the huge human traffic on such social media sites  , they make it  a pond to fish for  customers by uploading many advertisements  .
Furthermore  , this also possibly triggers the privacy issues as  Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users  .
As this happens  , users are more and more pron to any possible frauds  .
Social media sites are at their peak at the moment  .
However  , I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better people in real life  , they will not indulge in it as much as they are now  .
The users  , soon  , will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with  their friends because  , if they really need somebody  , they will reach  friends  , no matter what  .
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media  , but do we really get connected or fall apart  ?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people from around the world  .
The idea seems great  , and nowadays most people  , even the older generation  , will have at least one social media platform  , like Facebook  .
Parents are now the "friends" of their kids  , and they can now "follow" their kids more closely and in real time  .
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently to be connected with their so-called friends  .
However  , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced  face-to-face human contact  , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills  .
First and foremost  , I would like to share  the advantages of using such social media in my daily life  .
As a student  , I tend to meet lots of people from different backgrounds and in different settings  .
We may meet only once but we exchange  contact numbers as well as facebook accounts in order to keep in touch  .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call  , social media like facebook are a great way for friends from different fields or even from different parts of the world to be connected  .
Within clicks  , we can check on a friend's profile and read on for his/her updates  .
On another hand  , we can update our profile by posting on the wall and our friends can read up on the newsfeed  .
This allows friends that may not have the time to meet up to still be connected in a way  .
Not only that  , but new friends can easily be met through such online platforms  .
Hence  , our social circle is indeed expanding  .
Nonetheless  , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that makes us fall apart  .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is  the time reduction on face-to-face contact  .
This subsequently leads to  poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle  .
For example  , we tend to send  birthday wishes when Facebook prompts us "Today is someone's birthday"  .
In fact  , we may have just forgotten our friend's birthday  .
We used to send wishes cards during festive seasons like Chinese New Year  , and we felt so good to write one and of course to receive one with stamps on it  .
Gone are the times  , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes  .
As time passes  , we may have more "friends" on the list  , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined  .
In a nutshell  , every sword has two edges  .
The users of all social media sites need to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual one  .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of their impacts on the actual life that we have  .
Ultimately  , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings  ,and social media sites are only  tools to enhance it  .
Nowadays  , social media sites are commonly used in  society  .
I believe 80 per cent of people plays social media sites  .
These sites play the role of connecting people around the world  .
It consists of  connecting  , sharing  , interacting and advertising  .
However  , there are also some disadvantages  due to the social media which are concerned in  society  .
Therefore  , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life  .
First  , with the function of social media sites that connects  people  , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and family  , or even strangers  , without any time and place constraints  .
Through the social media sites  , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand  .
There are over a thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries  .
However  , we are able to chat with our friends without travelling to the countries  .
It saves a lot of money and time as well as strengthening our relationships although we stay in different places around the world  .
Besides that  , companies can also use the convenience of social media sites such as Facebook chat or Skype to facilitate  meeting with parties of project from around the world  .
Substantial costs are saved without the tiring travel from one point to another point  .
With the huge amount of cost savings  , this capital can be utilized in  other sectors  , which benefits companies more and boosts  the company's profit  .
However  , there are two sides of stories always  .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between humans  .
Since ancient times  , humans have been interacting with others face to face  .
Without the facial impression  , it is easier to misunderstand the intention of speakers  .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning  .
In addition  , "social media sites will affect writing skills"  .
That is the point of view in society  .
According tostatistical reports  , the more time is spent on social media sites  , the more writing skills will be reduced  .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should know  .
The autocorrection software is so effective when using electronic devices that we do not realize the importance of writing  .
Writing is an essential skill for a person  to express their own feelings and opinions  .
'Privacy' is a word that is popular in these few decades  .
Humans have their own rights and privacy  .
I believe that most of us agree with these terms  .
However  , there is news about the social media sites leaking users' information to companies for cash reimbursement  .
Everything we type in the social media sites is recorded in the server and then transferred to the companies for spying and advertising  .
Although it looks like  and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want  , you are actually wrong  .
You are not only controlled by  government laws  , but also spied on by the government  .
In conclusion  , everything has two sides of stories  .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites  .
To utilize the technology well  , we should do an effort to not only balance the pros and cons  , but also to lengthen the pros and shorten the cons  .
Thus  , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and the next generation  .
With the widespread  advanced technology  , social media sites are becoming more and more popular  .
Getting connected on social media such as Facebook and Twitteris a main trend as well as a daily work nowadays  .
With this situation  , both advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life  .
On one side  , it is obvious that many advantages have been brought to our lives  .
Social media provide people with the opportunity to get in contact with each other every time and everywhere  .
Whether we are at home or at school  , at work or on  holiday  , we are able to communicate and interact with our friends  .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart  , social media make it possible to have interaction by  writing comments  .
When our phones are accidentally   , we can also use the social media to get in contact with our friends  .
Some people who are trying to talk in  public can also actively take part in  group chatting via social media  .
Besides  , we can make more friends through such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in  .
Therefore  , the popularity of social media sites has made it more convenient for people to update friends' status and contact  friends more frequently  .
On the other side  , we need to rethink about the influences brought by  social media  .
There are still many disadvantages to using social media  .
Firstly  , interpersonal skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-face human contact  .
While social media bring convenience to people's lives  , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting  , which has a time and place requirement  .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people  , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved in this situation  .
Secondly  , people's over-addition may avoidably  , to some degree  , exacerbate social alienation  , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from  over-dependence on virtual social networking  .
More and more networking has been transferred to the internet from real life  .
This is a potential danger for teenagers  , who are growing up with   .
Thirdly  , a lot of updating of luxury living standards as well as other show-off situations may make people's daily life more and more grandiloquent  , which is not an   .
Lastly  , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media  .
Again  , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addiction and their studies and work may be greatly influenced  .
