Technology advancement is extremely fast nowadays .
Surveillance technology is one of the main concerns of military and national defense sectors .
Example of this technology is RFID (radio-frequency identification) which has been proposed to track people through various means such as human implants or RFID tags on people .
However , this proposal has led to fierce argument in the world over its pros and cons .
I personally stand together with the population who reject the proposal .
First of all , everyone in the world belongs to themselves who does not belong to anyone from my personal perspective .
Human rights were raised up pretty frequently in the world over the past few years .
Approval of RFID tracking will be seen as a violation of human rights and people will lose their most basic freedom .
Would not it similar to criminals in prison but in a bigger confined space ?
Secondly , the tracking proposal will raise a safety issue .
The chip identifier technology can be reproduced by anyone .
It represents a query: is not everyone can view each other's information such as name and age ?
The leakage of these confidential information can be a sensitive issue to personal , violation of freedom and breakdown of safety .
One of the examples is the storage of bank account number in the tracking chip .
Criminal could identify it easily by getting a small identifier anywhere and everywhere if the tracking proposal is approved .
He or she could easily touch on the designated bank account since password cracking is an easy task for most hackers .
Other than that , safety issue can be extended to personal safety .
Everyone knows the internet and data transmission are very common and accessible at any time and point such as Facebook .
However , people tend to express their personal feeling and idea about sensitive issues on the internet unintentionally .
This action could actually generate aggressive feeling from others and violent movement could be launched onto the one with the aid of tracking tag or implant .
Internet can be a convenient source to achieve the name and basic information of personal if it is hacked and the tracking proposal will facilitate the finding of designated person .
In addition , the national defense will be endangered if this tracking proposal is launched .
The technology is based on the chip implant or tag .
However , the chip implant can be retrieved out easily and replanted onto other people and so on the tag .
Mischief cases could actually cause a chaos on the checkpoint tracking record and a more serious issue if people do it ill-intentionally .
For example , a wanted person can escape out easily from a country and hide in another country with this method .
This tracking proposal creates a loophole in the net of justice rather than its original purpose .
In a nutshell , surveillance technology may provide a lot of convenience if being used appropriately .
However , it is fairly fragile which can be counter-used by criminals at current level .
I would stand against the idea of tracking individuals given its vulnerabilities of technology at present .
Nowadays , the improved human technology online is able to track different location for different people .
For instance , face book as the well known social media platform has the ability of tracking someone's location .
However , in some opinions , these auto-tracking services break the rule of privacy .
Some people do not want to be tracked as they feel it is not safe .
In my opinion , the developed surveillance technology can be used to track people and objects only if the tracked person agrees to receive this service .
Another good example of using tracking technology will be to find a way to the place that someone has never being there before .
For example , one person wants to visit his friends place in a new city .
His friend is able to upload his location due to this advanced technology .
Then , the person is able to use GPS or other auto-tracking device to find the place even he has never gone to there before .
The radio-frequency device can be used on old people whose memory is not as good as young people as well .
For instance , when people getting old , they begin to loss their memory and sometimes they may not remember their way to home or other place .
If the old people always bring an auto-tracking device , it is much easier for the younger people to find them and it helps to guard the safety of the old people .
Although the auto-tracking device is quite powerful , it still has to be used in volunteering bases .
Without the agreement , people should not able to use this technology to track others .
For example , if the tracking technology is able to track everyone even strangers , this means your location at anytime is viewable to every single person online .
These kind of situation will cause crime as thieves may auto track you and you are not able to run out of them .
Therefore , we must agree with the statement before the technology is able to track us .
At the same time , our location should be protected from seen by the strangers .
All the conditions must be agreed by the person that agrees auto-tracking device to track him like , the time of tracking and who can view your location .
In conclusion , the advanced technology gives people convenience to find their items and their safety .
At the same time , people must protect their privacy without share their place to strangers .
Overall , the benefit of these technologies overweight its problems occurred if people use it wisely .
The increasing in population of a country makes the government taking more difficulties of registers the members of each individual family and hence other factors existed as an obstacle of country development .
By following the trend of improvement in technology , people can now easily tracked by using RFID (radio-frequency identification) by simply implant a RFID tags on human body .
With this advantage , it will be easier for people to locate his friend or his family when they lost contact or in an urgent and also for police to investigate crimes .
By taking an example in any country , there are crimes everyday and it is obvious to see that not all the culprits had been arrested and being punished .
There are kidnaps everywhere and not all of the family can afford the ransom that acquired by kidnappers .
In that case , they would have no choice but to seek for the power of loyal police .
The detective will start investigate the first criminal scene and brainstorm for all the possibilities .
Reality kills people in mind .
There is only 10% of all the time of successfully pinpointed the kidnappers den and arrested all of them before they starts to harm the poor victim .
In that sense , without a proper way to track human being , it is way too difficult to save those innocent life .
Also , not only the kidnappers and the victim need to be tracked down , but also jailbreakers .
Few years ago , there was a jailbreaker named Mat Selamat , one of the members of the terrorists of Osama , successfully escaped under the monitoring of a couple of cops in Singapore .
That was a rare case since Singapore is actually an absolutely safe country .
According to news , the police force had mobilized thousand of cops , each of them prepared on duty and patrol in an allocated place all over the country and after few months , none of them was able to find Mat Selamat and rearrested him .
People fell into panic when they knew that they had lost the harmony and peace in their country and the government had no choice but keep claiming that their country is still in safety mode .
If RFID comes into existence , this kind of cases can be totally avoided in no time .
Beside , if RFID is supposed to be use by the public , everyone will be able to locate their friends and also their dearest family .
Nowadays , people use the all-purpose smart phone for communicating .
With the power of internet , there is nothing impossible to find a friend for afternoon tea .
In spite of that , smart phone is still a device that need to be recharged its battery or else it will be just like a rigid object .
Imagine when people camping in forest or hills , they will just lost all of the internet signal and also a risk that their phone running out of batteries .
In that case , if they get lost or lose contact , they will be considered as the lost and eventually , they will not survive .
With the help of RFID , if there is an urgent that people crying for help , they would be saved .
In conclusion , RFID benefited people more than brought harmful side effect to human body by considering for human safety .
Nowadays , technology is more advance than the past time .
In the past , people only can find each other and communicate face to face .
After the invention of phone and internet , there are more ways to use to communicate with people and even track people .
In this mean time , surveillance technology is founded which mean that we are able to track people at every time in everywhere .
Definitely , there are point of view that agree the technology but also the voices of objection .
Thus , let's us discuss the pros and cons now to give you a clearer minds of surveillance technology .
Initially , surveillance technology such as RFID (radio-frequency identification) is implanted into the body of animals .
It functions to track the path of animals and help in scientific research .
Besides that , many animals which just be released from the protection of human for a long time are implanted the RFID as well to track their new life to ensure whether they could survive in the wild life .
This technology are encouraged by some of the public that to implant the RFID into prisoners' body .
The initial function is good indeed that to track the movement of them to protect the public safety and interest if they are out of prison .
However , some of the non-governmental organizations show their point of view that object and resist implanting the RFID into prisoners' body .
Their opinions are founded on the basic human rights .
Prisoners' privacy is endangered due to the RFID .
After they release from the prison , the movement of their whole life is controlled and known by the government .
They feel stressful under the control of government and it may lead to the ways that we do not desire and imagine .
Furthermore , some of parents hold the positive views to surveillance technology and agree to implant the RFID into their children's body .
Their opinion is based on the children safety protection and parents' guardian .
Children can be easily found if they are lost or abducted by other people .
However , there are both sides of stories .
This technology leads to a problem which is same with the prisoner issue that is the human privacy .
Children are given birth by their parents; parents are responsible to take good care of them .
Although the initial function of implementation of RFID is good for the children , however children also have the human rights and privacy which is endanger under this technology .
Besides tags into human body , there is also the issue of implant into products .
Recently , many of cell phone are equipped with GPS which means that they can find the device's location if it is lost .
It is also the advance of surveillance technology .
Children can easily be track based on the location of cell phone by parents .
Compared to the human implant , tags on the products is better and more suitable .
Under the products tags , children are given a significant free space as compared to the congested control by human implant .
Parents also can ensure the safety of children as well as do not endanger their privacy .
It is the ways that can "using one stone to kill two birds" .
In conclusion , based on the advantages and disadvantages discussed , I agree that surveillance technology should not be used to track people .
However , to a certain extent , I agree to implant RFID tags on products to protect the safety of children .
As world pace becomes faster and faster , the need for maximum efficiency becomes stronger and stronger in every field .
To know where a certain item locates becomes one of the ways to improve efficiency .
For example , UPS can track the process of each delivery .
With the information about the location of the cargo , it is much easier to prevent unexpected loss and come up with more efficient plans to save the energy and resources of the company .
RFID is one of the advanced technology for tracking .
Due to the small size of the equipment and the energy-saving feature , it becomes more and more popular in industries and logistics .
However , it is not a reasonable idea to use RFID to track people by human implants or RFID tags on daily products like watch or clothes , it did provide convenience in a certain situation .
The biggest difference between human and animals or any other objects is that we have self-esteem or we need the basic respect from our peer .
One of the basic rights of human is the right for privacy .
In any period of time , as long as we do not offense others , we should enjoy the right of privacy .
However , the idea of using RFID to track people violates our need for privacy .
Since RFID tags attached to the product can remain functional for a long period of time , it could be misused for surveillance purposed which are not related to the industries production or supply activities .
For example , a consumer buys a product with RFID from a supermarket .
As the RFID is embedded within the product , people who have the access to the information definitely can track him .
However , the consumer may not be aware of the function of the tag , so this action could reveal the sensitive information of the consumers like home address , working address to someone who is not authorized to get the information .
If this piece of information is misused , chances are high that the consumer would suffer loss like financial loss or even cause danger to the life of the consumer .
Moreover , if the product is what one needs to use every day like clothes or shoes , then the location of one will be revealed every seconds .
This is just like there is an invisible stalker behind you .
It is not only scary but also illegal .
Although someone would say the information is secured very well and will not be released or misused by any purpose , it is still not appropriate .
We can think about this scenario: the location of us going on daily life will be sent to a computer to be processed and stored every second .
Does this sound reasonable to you ?
As what we have mentioned above , as human being , we should enjoy our privacy during our life as long as we do not cause harm to others .
However , RFID will violate our right of privacy during our shopping activities .
Therefore , RFID should not be used to track people no matter through human implants or tags on products .
With the developing of modern society , more and more new technology appears and people's life qualities rise because of the new inventions .
Some good examples such as the Internet , computers and satellites are now quite common for humans' normal life; however , some problems also emerge , with a concern of the loss of the privacy of civilians .
In the modern society privacy is a hot topic in peoples' mind .
Even if the safety is the most important thing to consider in normal life , many people still want to keep their privacy in spite of existing some potential danger .
The contradiction of the safety and the privacy cannot be reconciled perfectly .
People needs a safe environment to live in , and also needs a private environment to stay independent .
The surveillance is a useful method to keep society's safe , but also kills the privacy of people in some degree .
The best way to solve the contradiction is to educate people well and make them live an affluent life , and then the surveillance is no more needed .
At that time , even if there is no surveillance above people's heads , there are surveillances in everyone's heart and criminals are more difficult to hide .
In addition , tracking people system may be used by bad people in a wrong way .
How to explain this problem , it means that people are not sure who are in charge of these tracking system .
For example , people go somewhere , no matter taking bus , MRT or driving , they are under the CCTVs .
If some bad people want to track someone for their personal purposes , by hacker technology , they can use government tracking system to do their own business .
In other words , government originally hopes to use tracking system to ensure citizens safety , now it has been divulged human information .
It is very dangerous for society , because people do not know who are tracking them , it must bring citizens trepidation .
Radio-frequency identification is a technology which uses a wireless non-contact system to scan and transfer the data from a tag attached to people or products with radio-frequency electromagnetic field .
After this , it can automatically get the identification and tracking .
Nowadays , this technology has been used in many kinds of fields , such as transportation and logistics , transportation payment , product tracking and inventory systems , some institutions and so on .
More interestingly , this technology is being used in human identification , even planting the chip into human body .
This fact becomes very controversial among people and the possibility of personal information releasing without knowing also brings the public's concern .
In some fields , Surveillance technology did have brought us tremendous benefit and advantage .
Logistics and transportation are major areas of utilization for RFID technology .
In the transportation , almost all of the people have transport cards for daily transport .
Since we do not to bring cash to pay for the transportation fee , enormous time has been saved for everybody .
For the society , there will be a more efficient transportation system .
For the logistics , if all the products are attached to the tags , it is much easier to count and record all the products .
This will make the logistic process more effective and also prevent the occurrence of product lost because of the tracking .
Since the inventory management is very important for some kind of companies , this technology is playing a very significant role .
The super markets are also using this technology to tag their product , which can record the conditions of all of the products in time and prevent of stealing .
When checking out , the price tag will be scanned to get the total payment very quickly .
This will save the customers time and also improve the profit of the market .
The libraries also use this technology to identify the membership of the people entering , which ensures the security and the member itself will also conserve their information made in this library .
Both the library and museum apply this technology to avoid some belongings being taken out illegally .
In some kindergartens , the RFID is used to tab the children to keep a record of their attendance and whereabouts .
On the condition that the kindergarten students are very young and they do not have a very sound self-conscious , this system can prevent them from lost .
All in all , the RFID system is used to catch the information of the object and track .
This function can be used in many aspects .
By RFID , the customer who is potential to buy a very expensive luxury will be less reluctant to consider what if it lost , because the RFID can help them get it back .
This will inversely improve the sale of the shop .
Although in many respects , this technology can be used in positive and evidently beneficial ways , in some area it is so controversial .
The most controversial part may be the human identification .
It probably can be divided into several types .
The first type is just say the ID card which is carried externally by the person .
By using this card , our identities can be confirmed and the information in a certain institution can be kept .
However , this will raise a privacy protection issue .
How can it be guaranteed that our information will not be abused ?
Maybe this part can be resolved by using another technology .
For example , the ID card can be implanted into a switch which can be controlled by the owner .
When not using it , just switch off the card , then it will be just a useless paper .
Another human identification is Implanting RFID chips into human body .
For this part , not only the privacy problem is concerned , but the human health .
Does the implanting chip definitely safe and feasible ?
Will it affect the normal functionality of the other organs ?
All of these problems are waiting to be resolved .
In solution , surveillance technology has been used in a much broader area .
Some have been widely accepted by the public but some are not .
Actually , this technology is very useful and should be definitely go on be used .
What should be concerned is how it can be applied in the right area in a right way .
If there are some controversy , how it can be improved .
Only if it be made use in a wise and sensible approach and be adjusted and refined very profoundly , can it bring us the maximized benefit .
Surveillance technology should be used to track people .
The technology is necessary because it can provide evidence in crime investigation and social issues and decrease the illegal actions effectively .
Firstly , surveillance technology is useful in crime investigation and public issues .
It can provide an objective view of what happened .
It records the history which nobody can deny .
In crime investigation , the truth of evidence is necessary , which can only be made by photos , videos or small tracks .
In supermarket monitor is needed because we have to track thieves .
In front of ATM we need monitor to avoid intentional crime .
We need CCTV in every public corner to track suspicious .
Only in this way can we get evidence of bad movement to protect others .
The objective truth in CCTV is helpful and efficient in crime investigation , better than asking witness again and again to identify who is the liar .
Secondly , surveillance technology can decrease the illegal actions effectively .
Imagine there are no CCTV in public .
People will act as if there is no supervision .
No evidence is recorded .
Cheating can be very popular in examination and stealing will seldom incur punishment .
In a Chinese kindergarten , Children were always abused by a teacher but no one else knows that .
Children told their parents .
Some parents were too busy to take care of children while other parents did not believe what children said .
The headmaster did not know how the teacher really is and she did not fire her even when some children were afraid of entering the teacher's class .
After so many children were abused , people came to know the truth .
Shadow was made on children's heart and there is nothing we can do to make up for it .
Now people suggest that every classroom in every kindergarten should have a monitor , otherwise the teachers' action cannot be supervised .
If there had been a monitor in the classroom , maybe parents and headmaster could realize earlier how severe and how bad the truth was and children could get protection earlier .
People may say that surveillance technology will be abused intentionally by authorized people .
It really happened in China .
In a car accident related to an official's relative , the record was modified with a new record .
The person in the record had been changed with another one before it was released to the public .
The modification was so obvious that people can easily recognize .
In China , things like that will happen because the legal system is not sound enough .
Power is concentrated in a few people .
The problem of abuse of surveillance is only the problem of abuse of power .
Avoiding corruption and separating power is more important than forbidding surveillance technology .
In conclusion , surveillance technology is necessary in many public places in my opinion because we need it in crime investigation and social issues .
There is a truth that we cannot deny which is that surveillance technology can provide a sense of safety because sometimes machine is more honest than people .
We have to admit that how to prevent the abuse and how to use it reasonably depend on a sound legal system , and it means surveillance has its own restriction .
Surveillance technology such as RFID(radio-frequency identification) has been made possible to track people by implanting certain markers on people or products .
This is more than convenient for the authority to take better control of the society down to every individual .
However , with respect of civil rights and privacy , surveillance technology such as RFID(radio-frequency identification) shall not be used to track people .
In the first place , every civilized person more or less dislikes the idea that he or she is being close watched every second .
By law , citizens have the rights to keep their privacy unknow to public , whereas the privacy would be exposed if such surveillance technology is applied widely .
Many pupils in China have been complaining about their phones , because with the phones at hands , their lives are all transparent to their parents .
Such technology would put people into the same circumstance as those pupils where the government plays the role of parents trying to find out whatever people are doing every second .
If pupils feel uncomfortable being watched by parents , citizens definitely are unhappy being watched by the big brother .
Close surveillance is not only a problem of bad feelings , but also a problem of the health of the society .
Some people may claim that it is good for security as when every one is under tracking , those poteintial criminals also are .
By logic it seems perfectly right .
However , whether a behavior is a crime is dependent on the authority .
When the authority treats liberty as a crime , the society becomes terrible .
It has been doubted that whether a society that is under close surveillance will be a good one to live in .
Many science fictions have made good efforts in describing a future of human in which every body in society is put under close surveilliance of the governments .
Surprisingly , none of these are describing the future as a bright one .
In history , there were times when the government wants to secure its gorvernance so badly that its police sniffed around people like dogs , such as the Nazi Germany , the Soveit Union .
People nowadays would agree that it is terrible to live in those societies .
Then why would they agree to put themselves into those societies ?
A worse thing is that one may not even be aware of that he or she is being tracked .
If such thing does happen , then the society would be moving on a dangerous direction without being noticed .
Imagine that one day , one is suddenly arrested from his normal life by the police and tolded that he is accused of posting anti-society statements on the Internet .
And all the evidences have been collected by hidden surveillance when he though he was expressing his opinion in the safe house !
In summery , surveillance technology shall not be used to track people in order to keep the society comfortable and safe to live in .
What should really be put into close surveillance is the government .
People must make sure that the government is not abusing its power in ways including tracking people .
In modern digital world , electronic products are widely used in daily lives such as Smart phones , computers and etc .
In work places , electronic devices such as computers are also inevitable to use to increase the productivity of the corporation .
The convenience and high efficiency of using electronic products is being noticed by people worldwide .
Some people started to think if electronic products can be further operated to more advanced utilization and replace human beings for better performances .
Surveillance technology such as RFID (radio-frequency identification) is one type of examples that has currently been implemented .
In this essay , I will discuss that if surveillance technology such as RFID (radio-frequency identification) should be used or not to track people .
Personally , I agree to a large extent that surveillance technology such as RFID should be used to track people .
Surveillance technology such as RFID can be operated twenty-four hours with the absence of operators to track done every detail about human activities .
For instance , in militaries which are of high importance , surveillance technology is essential as it is a way to provide undeniable evidences if anything are fault .
In supermarkets where it is difficult to catch stealers , surveillance technology which makes records that can be replayed or detect stealers on the spot are superior to use .
The high accuracy in utilizing surveillance technology eliminates the amount of disagreements among people .
If people are aware of the existence of surveillance , the chance for them to follow rules and orders is high .
It is useful as it reduces the chances of wrong doings that may occur .
Therefore , surveillance technology makes our society more ordered .
Risks can be analyzed if there is a record of what was happened in the past .
In late nineteenth century , there was a severe air crash happening at Miami international airport .
The air cargo of the Valujet plane was on fire after the plane had taken off .
Sooner or later , the electric systems were short circuited as a result that the airplane was out of control and nose diving to the ground with extremely high speed .
All passengers and pilots were died .
After finding and analyzing the black box of the Valujet after the incidence , police investigators found out reasons for causing this severe incidence .
Surveillance technology can be used to detect very risky events and prevent its happening in the future , hence to save more lives .
In addition , if surveillance technology is even better developed , it can be used to detect the problem before the real accidence has happened .
However , the dark side of using surveillance technology is that it results in the invasion of privacy .
People under supervision are under high pressure to perform naturally .
People are less likely to enjoy life under surveillance .
Therefore , surveillance technology provides convenience to the society but makes more inconvenience to individuals .
Therefore , surveillance technology can be used but the use of surveillance should be modified in such a way that individuals are less affected in normal life .
In general , surveillance technology benefits the society and should be applied with the consideration of individuals' life .
There is one thing is common in the world described in many fiction - chips are implanted in human and records its location , history and even thoughts at that time .
The readers are just smiling when they flip the page because it never comes to their mind that one day it might come true .
However , the world is always beyond our imagination and never let us down .
Actually , this technology has already been weaved into our life .
We benefit from Surveillance technology for many years and in many ways .
Travelers survive in desert thanks to GPS guide them .
The police seize the criminal thanks to CCTV .
Having power can help people to achieve lots of things; however , abusing will guide us to another direction .
Tracking people is one way of abuse technology and in fact , it happened every day .
Although we are not implanted chips we are exposed under CCTV .
It is a common questioned asked by lots of people that as the technology develops and we benefit from it , we are losing our privacy .
We cannot deny that Surveillance technology is a great achievement that securing us and protect us from criminal but we also cannot ignore the lease of our privacy and even limit our freedom .
As the fast growing of electrical technology , people have been trying to adopt more and more advanced technology into our life to make full use of it .
Many advantages have been shown in the areas like politics .
Because of the surveillance technology , more and more things are under track and more and more clues can be used .
However , disadvantages have also been gradually disappeared as with the fruits people are enjoying .
That is to say , there are more and more doubts raised by the public about the surveillance technology .
From the view of my point , I think the application should only be authorized by people in some specific fields like politics and public security .
Secondly , it may be used by lawbreakers .
There is no denying that every coin has two sides .
The technology also applies .
On one side , we can use it to ensure that something is under our control to reduce the rate of crimes .
On the other side , the technology can also be probably used by the lawbreader to commit crimes .
And once this happens , privacy does not exist any more and people's life is under great threaten .
Therefore , this technology carries great risk when we can only see the advantages that has been appeared .
Thirdly , it is also a waste of time and money if we use it in our daily life .
Say , a person whose salary is 2000 dollars per month .
And he spends 1000 dollars to install the surveillance system in his house .
Then if his house got stolen , the perhaps he can use the surveillance to get his money back .
However , if nothing happened inside his house , then the surveillance becomes useless , and he will also feel very uncomfortable because his every move is being supervised .
Therefore , for ordinary people , there is no need for them to use this technology .
Otherwise , it is just a waste of resources .
From the reasons above , we can see that the surveillance technology takes great danger with it so that we cannot apply it to our daily life .
However , we can take the essence and reject its dross .
That is to say , we can use it in some specific and special areas such as public security and politics .
These fields are special because of the job category , and the need to be open to the public , so the disadvantages will not be shown .
Contrarily , it can help to supervise the public figures in politics and track the offenders in security .
Therefore , the surveillance technology should not be used except for some specific jobs .
Surveillance technology such as Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) to track the population is potentially is dangerous weapon by the governments against its own people .
It should therefore not be used to track the population in order to protect people's privacy and the idea of democracy .
Using surveillance technology such as Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) to track the population can be seen as merely progression from older technologies such as the identification cards .
A possible benefit is better statistical analysis , which will provide the government with more information when drafting policies .
However , in this very non-ideal world where corruption is abundance , wide usage of such surveillance technology and accurate tracking is potentially a dangerous , perverted and deadly weapon .
Illustrations that is both hypothetical and yet concrete are action spy movies , such as the Bourne identity .
In the movie , the spy agent accesses the public street cameras to track Jason's Borne whereabouts .
This clearly illustrates how a corrupted government may breach its civilians' privacy .
In addition , corrupted officials may sell this tracking information to the mafia .
Misha (2008) explains in his book 'McMafia' that the shadow market accounts for 20% of the global economy .
Judging from the crazy yet realistic anecdotes about gangsters , human traffickers , and the yukuza from his book , it is not difficult to imagine the opportunistic nature of human taking opportunity on this marvelous tracking technology .
The people who are on the run from the mafia will be at risk !
Surveillance technologies should also not be used to protect people's liberty and freedom of opinion .
The idea of democracy and power of the people will be at risk if people are tracked .
The ability to track every individual will empower dictators and their secret polices .
Already without these technologies , the secret police agencies are able to track their prey and unsuspecting rebels .
An example is the Nazis secret police of Hitler used to dispose (their bodies literally) and stamp out any of Hilter's oppositions using fear (and maybe guns , knives , poison) .
Still the possible downfall of these surveillance technologies is too present in my paranoid mind and they clearly overweight the benefits , in my opinion .
It is therefore better to stick to the status quo .
With the development of technology , we have more advanced method to track people in today's society .
Surveillance technology such as RFID (radio-frequency identification) is frequently used by the police to track people who are considered suspicious .
However , the using of surveillance technology is usually done secretly , and a debate has been aroused today that whether surveillance technology should be abandoned .
Some socialists argue that installing surveillance device on people offends human rights and should be totally abandoned .
However , people who are taking security job assert that surveillance technology is the most effective way to track people and make it easier for them to track those suspicious people so that they can do their work much more effectively .
In my point of view , surveillance technology should still be used to track people at present since there are no better solutions .
The application of surveillance technology is the most effective method to track people and thus can help the police a lot .
Although that method may invade certain people's right and privacy , but in exchange for that we can get a safe and peaceful society .
If the surveillance technology is abandoned , it makes the police very difficult to track the suspicious people and can have little control of those people who are dangerous to the society .
For example , without surveillance technology , the murders can escape much more easily since no one knows their position .
Without surveillance technology , the suspicious people might actually commit a murder and the murder can be much more serious if the police cannot arrive in time to help out .
On the other hand , the application of surveillance technology serves as a warning to the murders and they might not commit more murder since they might be afraid of being tracked by the police .
If that technology is abandoned , it may trigger more bad people to commit murder or stole things since it is very difficult for the police to track them and they have a high possibility of not being punished by the law .
Therefore , the continuation of using surveillance technology is really necessary .
It is unavoidable for some socialists to argue that surveillance technology invade human rights , however , for the sake of whole society , surveillance technology should still be used .
As long as the regulations of using that are obeyed , surveillance technology can serve as a good tool .
In the modern society , public surveillance is becoming a normal phenomenon .
In the United States , after the horrible attack on 11 September , the US congress passed the Patriot Act , which is mainly to increase domestic surveillance , to counter against the terrorists .
However , although these bureaucratic actions prevent another similar attack from happening again , the act is widely criticized for its violation over individual privacy .
With the development of surveillance technology such as RFID , spy on the population can be much easier , which will create even worse scenery for the citizens .
In this paper , the incorrectness of using technology such as RFID to track people will be proved by the discussion of violation of privacy , the trend to misuse such measures and the enhancement of the totalitarian rule of the authority .
First , the violation of privacy will be dramatically increased .
Typically , the RFID tags are small devices with a read-only chip .
The regular distance of data exchange can be several meters .
Once such chip is loaded with personal information and implants in individuals , all the information about his or her life can be recorded .
Some supporters may argue that it will more convenient to use RFID for identification in place like airport and check point .
However , the fact is that such technology will create check points everywhere .
Furthermore , such tracking on individuals is done without permission of the subject person .
That is to say , people will be surveilled for every moment without awareness .
In such situation , individuals will lose their basic privacy .
Second , when technology like RFID is widely used , there will be a trend to misuse such technology .
An important feature of RFID is the minimal security .
Since it is read-only , the card cannot protect itself .
Moreover , almost every one can gain access to the card reader as the reader requires only simple technology .
Then , if a business man wants to defeat his competitor , he can just buy a reader and spy for commercial secrets .
Hence , once RFID is widely used , people are very likely to spy on each other , which will destroy trust , respect and many moral values .
Third , to use the surveillance technology will enhance the totalitarian power of the authority .
The government is supposed to serve the people .
However , once the government gathers too much power , the democracy may be turned into totalitarianism , and such surveillance technology provides the measures .
Spying and collecting excessive information of individuals is the first step .
When government is able to find out all the precise information about its citizens , it can gradually apply control over them .
Consequently , the government is very likely to turn to be a totalitarian authority , which will be the worst scenery and tragedy for every single citizen .
All in all , surveillance technology such as RFID should not be used to track general population for the violation of privacy , the trend to misuse such measures and the enhancement of the totalitarian power of the authority .
Privacy must be respected , and power over other should be controlled .
Without such surveillance technology , we can still live a better future .
With the development of the science and technology , people nowadays are living under various surveillances , for example , CCTVs can be seen almost everywhere in public area .
Recently , a new coming surveillance technology called radio-frequency identification which is RFID for short has caused heated discussions on whether it should be used to track people .
Some people think RFID should be banned out of privacy consideration .
However , As far as I am concerned , using RFID to track specific people can be very helpful in situations such as scientific exploration , rescue and police events .
Actually , not only for scientific observations but also during adventure journeys or travelling , RFID can defend human beings from harm .
Firstly , knowing where the travelers are and may going can assist them to know what the surroundings will be like and they can prepare better to protect themselves or they can change directions to avoid the potential danger .
Furthermore , by telling the geographical position of the people , RFID can accelerate the rescue process and will improve the survival rate of the victims .
During the rescue , every second is valuable !
RFID is also functional in police events .
By getting the track of the suspensors , police officers can decide who the criminal exactly is sooner and easier to gain the truth behind the criminal event .
Furthermore , knowing where the criminal is will also simplify the chasing process .
Policeman can just go to the certain place and chase the criminal .
Besides , tracking people with potential danger will be helpful for the safety department to predict the harm and better avoid the problem .
Some people may argue that using RFID to track people will leave out individuals' privacy .
Nevertheless , the activities I mentioned above are related little to privacy issues .
Firstly , for scientific exploration , rescue and police events , the privacy factors are far less important than the individual or social safety and scientific results .
In addition , for observation journeys and traveling , we only need to use RFID on some certain individuals and they will agree with this action for their own benefit .
Above all , I think we cannot ban the use of RFID completely , since it will be of great help for human's benefit during scientific exploration , rescue and police events .
By using this technology reasonably , it will assist people to walk faster and further in the long and rough civilization developing path .
With the development of science and technology , surveillance technology is playing its role in people's lifes .
It monitors anybody's movement or activity , and enables us to identify suspects involved in any misdoing which violates the law , etc .
When surveillance technology like RFID brings lots of convenience to our life , some people argue that this kind of technology actually makes us feel unsafe .
Personally , I think surveillance technology such as RFID (radio-frequency identification) should not be used to track people , for the benefit it brings to me cannot match the concerns it causes .
It has been quite a long time since someone raises the importance of the right of privacy .
Without doubt , surveillance technology is going against the right since it leaks out people's information without getting their permission .
When the technology is not so well developed , it may not be a big problem for leaking limited information .
While as it becomes highly developed , it is very scary to realize that this technology actually tells lots of people where did you go and what did you do .
It gives you the feeling that all people are watching a movie , and you are the hero whose every movement including using the toilet is under others observation , just like what was showed in the movie The Truman Show which chronicles the life of a man who is initially unaware that he is living in a constructed world , broadcast to billions of people .
When I have such feelings , I will feel that I am not belongs to human beings as everyone else any longer , instead , I am like a pet or a tool to be made fun of by others .
It is more like a prisoner's life , because we are under other people's control and we can do nothing to change our situation .
On the other hand , when we allow surveillance technology being used to track people , it increases the successful rate of people taking bad actions .
For example , thieves can easily find out the best time to visit our houses and kidnappers can take away our kids every time if they are informed of everyone's location .
That will also cause more social concerns .
However developed our society is  , Technology should always serve us as a tool instead of constraining us like ropes .
Every technology is born with its advantages and its shortcomings just like nuclear power or weapons .
If we cannot choose the proper way to use it , we taste the bad consequences of it .
As to surveillance technology which is not only inefficient enough in improving our life quality but also violating our right of privacy , I think we should not use it to track people .
All of us hope to live in a freer , more relaxed and safer world .
Rising life expectancies result in fewer workforces available .
Fewer young people and more elder people are existed globally .
This results in an unbalanced ratio between young people and older people .
This is a challenge as it reduces the productivity of countries , and hence affecting the productivity of the world .
Globally , manpower is lacking .
Although current world is a digital world which more machines are used to replace manpower , manpower is required to operating these machines so that they can better functioned .
In countries like Singapore , manpower is the only natural resources available which Singapore can invest on as she does not have enough lands to build farms and factories .
In addition , Singapore focuses more on developing its tertiary industry which are mainly consisting of services .
People are needed .
More importantly , Singapore wants to be a knowledge based country , more highly educated people are required .
Ageing results in less manpower and less highly educated people are available in proportion .
Despite the challenges from ageing population , it is an achievement as less people are in competency to bid for one job position .
Therefore , people are generally less stressed in working .
Life is more enjoyable for young adults .
Rising life expectancies also indicates that standard of living is improved for majority of people .
Healthcare is better than in the past .
They can live longer as they can afford high healthcare fares to maintain their health to a better condition .
In conclusion , rising life expectancies is a challenge as it results in more potential problems for future sustainable economic development .
However , it is an achievement as it is an indication that our society is progressed well and people are living with better conditions .
With the ageing population , many countries are facing the same challenge as to build safety houses , facilities to cater to the old aged .
After a certain age , they will have to retire .
The challenge of many ageing countries will rise when no new generation could take over their place in that particular trade .
First , I will discuss on the challenge of having an ageing population such as building more facilities and hospitals that will be needed when the population starts to age and jobs which have no young people taking over which can lead to economic downfall .
Secondly , I will discuss the ageing population as an achievement where they implement healthy lifestyles and good eating habits .
When people start to age , many diseases will surface up un-noticing .
Therefore , for the welfare of the ageing population , more old age hospitals will have to be built .
Land space will be limited when more hospice are build to take care of the elderly people .
With illnesses surfacing and the increase in ageing population , increasing amount of nurses and doctors will have to be present .
However , not many young people are passionate about helping the society or even helping the elderly .
Hence , the country will face a big challenge as to take care of the elderly .
In addition , retirement is a must in some countries .
This could cause a drastic fall in their economy as if the younger generation could not take over their work , no one will continue .
It is thus a big challenge to the country as there is no one boosting their economy .
The ageing population could be an achievement as this indicates measures are being implemented to have a healthy lifestyle by the people .
The more old people the country has , the more experience they will be as most elderly people can share their old experiences with the younger generation and making them not make the same mistakes as them .
This will help the country to move forward rapidly .
The more exercise or any other forms of work out can prolong the lifespan of people .
It also indicates that the foods the people eat are nourishing and can decrease the amount of illness that can cause death , thus living longer .
Food can be a big part of our lives .
Eating the right amount of healthy or junk food can be a cause of having a longer or shorter lifespan .
An example will be in Korea .
It is said that kimchi can reduce the chances of having cancer and in addition , the people will have a good skin complexion .
True enough , their population is ageing but people there can live very long due to the food they are consuming .
Thus , food can play an important role to the population .
Studies have shown that the life span is getting longer which reflects the rising of life expectancies .
It is clear that population aging is happening all over the world , since the current average life span is 65 and the population above the age of 60 is getting increased year after year .
This shows the rising of life expectancies , it is an achievement and it is also a challenge .
The rising life expectancies may be due to several different reasons , for example  , it may be because of the improvement of the living condition  , or because of the upgrade of the cleanness of the living environment , or because of the wide arrange of nutrition that absorbed by the human , or because of the development of the medication system in the country .
No matter which reason stated above exactly dominant to the rising of life expectancies it is one of the evidence of the achievement of human nation .
It is the technology developments enable the improvement of the living condition; the discover of the food and the nutrition that is more suitable and more necessary for human to absorb; the various medicines that can be used to cure different diseases .
Without all this technology we may need to live in the same condition like centuries ago , with a higher death rate when diseases spread around the world and the human nations have no solution .
The rising of life expectancies shows the human nation has overcome some of the challenges of the natural environment around us during the existence of so many centuries therefore it is an achievement .
However  , the rising of life expectancies is also a challenge to the entire human nation .
With the population ageing problem getting more and more serious all over the world , the shortage of various kind of resources challenge most of the countries in the world .
First , food resource and medication resource are the most important to support the living human beings .
And also the over crowded modern cities also raise problem of public transportations , unevenly distributed wealth and education resources shortage also are the problems that some countries that may face to  .
Although rising of life expectancies is an challenge to the entire human nation , the detailed problems each country that will encounter is different .
It is clear that problems that may face for developed and developing countries are different .
For developing countries , they may encounter more about the shortage of food resources and and the problem of how to develop better medication system to serve the entire nation , and they also face the problem of how to distribute the wealth evenly to benefit the entire population , more over they need to consider carefully how to build the education system so that the next generation of the population will be able to carry on to raise the whole country .
For developed countries , the challenge they face mainly are the over crowded modern cities usually face the public transportation problem and also the unevenly distributed wealth which result in that some of the population unable to benefit from the development of the human society in terms of technology which improve the life quality .
In conclutin , the rising life expectancies can be considered both challenge and achievement .
I do not agree on this argument that surveillance technology should not be used to track people .
In this fast moving society , technology is always improving to catch up the fast pace of this world and most surveillance technology is used by the police or other army usage to track people down .
Although the surveillance technology is an issue in invading the human privacy , it has also brought us lots of benefits and security .
There are two points supporting this argument .
Firstly , security systems are improved in many areas such as school campus or at the workplace .
Secondly , it makes it possible for parents to track their children and also their elderly parents .
Therefore , this technology should be used to track people .
Many of this surveillance are being implemented in the government sectors , military areas to enhance their security .
It can also be found in schools and workplaces .
It is useful to the government and the people in the law sector .
They can maintain social control and recognize threats .
Video surveillance gives people a sense of security should anything happen .
In addition , it can provide all day surveillance around the school or office with little manpower needed .
For example , intruders can be detected if there are any in schools or offices .
This can protect the students from being in a dangerous situation in particularly for the small children who are studying in nursery .
In addition , it can also prevent theft .
This technology can also be a helpful tool to assist the law enforcers such as the police to collect evidences of crime after it occurred .
This can increase the efficiency of solving the crime and thus decreasing the amount of criminal acts or people .
With the help of the video surveillance , the chances of people performing crimes can be decreased .
However , video surveillance may be a help to most sectors , it can also be misused by many people .
Some may use it to peek or record something illegal .
For example , it could be installed in personal lockers to record other's moves and actions .
This technology could also be seen as invasion of human's privacy .
Surveillance technology could cause everyone to feel paranoid and as if our actions are being watched .
This could lead to psychological implications and thus causing many tremendous social effects that may be harmful to our society .
If everyone is being watched unknowingly , it seems that our freedom of doing things is being invaded .
Technology can be a very useful tool if being used in the correct manner .
It may be a help to prevent potential crimes from happening but also help people do crime .
The knowledge of installing surveillance should be taught to everyone so that crimes can be eliminated instead of increasing it .
The more people using it over us , the more power they will have on us .
We should respect that everyone has human rights and without other's permission , this should not be placed or implanted to anyone .
We do not want to be sued infringing other's privacy , therefore , before implanting any RFID , we should ask for other's consent .
Ageing population is a prolonged and persistent societal problem that is being frowned upon in most of the developed countries .
As the standard of living increases , the affordability of high quality healthcare services and medical technologies , which have advanced over the decades , among the general public has become increasingly available .
People of the nations are likely to be well-taken care of , partly because of the various healthcare incentives and schemes provided by the respective government .
In the following , I will take Singapore as the case study as a reference to my discussion .
Rising life expectancies can be a pro to family affairs .
There is a Chinese saying that goes , "Jia you yi lao , ru you yi bao" .
This means , having an elderly at home is equivalent to having a gold at home .
Where every home houses an elderly , the future generations can learn and carry on their traditional and morale values .
Where filial piety and respect for the elder are highly emphasized in Chinese traditions , the children can learn to respect and interact with their grandparents from a young age and so as for their parents .
With good communication and interaction , an elderly can guide the young with valuable lessons in life .
An individual is an unit of the society , every good individual thus is a precious contribution to the society and nation's growth .
On the other hand  , the rising life expectancy can also be an indication , though not entirely , of a country's reputation to their citizens .
A long-lived and healthy individual is sometimes being related to the good standard of living and healthcare services that one received .
In another words , it indicates that the national healthcare system is effective , well-managed by the Government .
This gives credits to the Government's medical and healthcare schemes .
Thus , rising life expectancy can be seen as an achievement of the Government's well-planned or managed schemes .
However , this shall not be entangled with the idea that high life expectancy equates of a nation's provision of quality healthcare benefits and livings for the senior citizens .
Ageing population is often viewed negatively by the developed countries where they are economic driven .
In order to cope with the ageing population that pulls down or hinders the economic development , more physically capable and young workforces are required in the society .
If failed to fulfil this requirement , this will lead to more financial strains such as increased tax imposed on the societal or company working groups .
This can cause more societal issues such as lower satisfaction of working groups towards the government , decreasing birth rates where people could not afford the children expenses of their upbringings and educational fees , that adds on more burdens and worries for the government .
As an overall , the rising life expectancies can be considered as a pro and con to the country .
Pro , in terms of the intangible aspects such as emotional and mental development of the future generations and contribution to a country's well reputation .
Con , on the other hand , in terms of tangible aspect mainly in the economic drive and desire of the nation for the sustainability of their economic position and reputation in the world .
The rising of life expectancy globally can be challenging and yet an achievement when the problems of human could be medically disturbing .
These few problems were taking a toll in human lives over the years when they were over 60 years of age .
Most of the illness lies with mental illness , musculoskeletal pain and sight and hearing loss .
It is a challenge where this illness can't be easily avoided by any person in such a stressful lifestyle in any place in the world .
Medical advances which help in curing this illness were also getting better over the year which helps in the rise in life expectancy .
The ability to eliminate the illness is considered as an achievement as this proves that the ability of the human race to research and develop the medical ability to solve and eliminated the harm that is able to take the life of a human away at a earlier age .
This ability is not seen 40 years back where the technology advances were not as good as now .
All these technology advancement also helps to improve the lives of human race in terms of improving the lifestyle , environment and medical ability .
Therefore , achieving such great fret , in these areas is considered as an achievement where human lives is then improved and extended the life of us .
Moreover , achieving the near impossible to eliminate all the illness such as cancer and diseases is the greatest achievement for human race .
This step needs the ability to take a long time of research to make it possible .
Much more could be done to reach the stage of extending the lifespan of human being .
In conclusion , we could see that on order to solve the challenges such as the amount of illness that could be growing over the year , the damage to our living environment and stresses that are always building in the city life .
There is always a way out where the achievements were done by the humans who used their time to help most people improve our basic needs and life for the living and extension of our life expectancy .
Rising life expectancies can be considered both a challenge and an achievement .
We should separate it into two aspects .
The first one is that rising life expectancies can be considered as a challenge .
The second one is that rising life expectancies can also be considered an achievement .
They are not contradicting with each other .
In my opinion , the challenge interception is to make comparison in the cross direction , which is comparing the current situation with the assumed situation .
On the other hand , the achievement perceiving is to make comparison in the wire direction , which is comparing the current situation with the historical situation in the past .
So , in the following , I will clarify these two different views for rising life expectancies .
For the first part , rising life expectancies is a challenge .
We should image that when the life expectancies are raised up; this will mean that the average age for the population in nation wise or globally is also rising .
The number of the older people will increase to make the average life expectancies higher .
For these older people , the society need man power and all kinds of resources to provide a better life for them .
Sometimes , older need more man power and resources than normal young people .
However , these older people usually contribute less or nearly have no productivity for the society .
We have to say that the older people are becoming a black hole for the entire society in terms of man power and resources .
So the dilemma takes place when there are more people who have a higher age .
Not only has the family member of the old people , but also the government needed to spend a lot of effort to handle such situation .
This is the interpretation of challenge for rising life expectancies .
For the second part , rising life expectancies is also an achievement .
The achievement is some kind of a comparison with the history in the past .
In the ancient time , due to the less development of science and technology , people had less medicine or medical equipment and took less care for their healthy .
Hence people died of various diseases .
On the other hand , there are not sufficient materials or ways to improve people's daily life .
People do not know how to protect their tooth from becoming decayed tooth .
These small things makes the quality of people's life less enjoyable than today .
Bad mood cannot give them a longer time of life .
Due to all these reasons , people died quite early , which results in a low life expectancy .
So , the mark for how long is the life expectancy is indicating how well people is living .
In that sense , rising life expectancies can be considered as an achievement .
From these points , we ourselves should be glad that we can live longer and enjoy a better living environment .
Besides , we should not forget the responsibility on our shoulder , the older people .
We should try our best to take care of them as if we are the ones who are old .
In such a situation , the society can develop in a harmonious and healthy way .
We just take the challenge and enjoy the achievement .
As the world is at the turning point of entering into a stage where people are constantly and notably older than before , how to make life easier , comfortable as well as healthy has been shed light on .
Life expectancy is a figure that reveals the average lifetime and can be used as an indicator to measure up to what degree is the population ageing problem .
However , there are situations where we have to consider the rising life expectancy as a challenge and an achievement .
Rising life expectancy is a challenge in a sense that it is highly relied on development of medication .
There are a series of diseases that hinders longevity .
Cancers , as a major group of killing diseases , is often beyond current medication to get fully healed .
Once cancers are too late to discovered , one is deemed to death at a later stage .
Other diseases such as mental disorder and heart trouble are also top killers , the current medication does have methods to treat the patient , but risks still come along .
Apart from diseases themselves , deficiency of medication system coverage and inefficiency during the treatment process can also restrict to make lifespan longer .
Patients in many developing and less developed countries , especially African countries , are suffering from simple and easy-to-heal diseases such as cold and flu and probably at the end of the day it becomes the end of their life , albeit they could have been treated well if they were in a country where medication system has been completed and doctors and nurses are standing by to cure these people .
To raise life expectancy , one of the questions is how to upgrade the current medication system .
Government should help encourage the breakthroughs as well as complete medication system .
Rising life expectancy is also an achievement .
Development of technology is making our life easier and more comfortable .
Compared with the world of ancient Rome or China where almost no machines are involved , people nowadays are producing batches and batches of merchandises in factories .
Machines have replaced a bunch of coolies and heavy labor .
Cars and trucks diminish the redundancy of long time shipment .
As a result , people have more time to enjoy advantage of modern life .
One can easily travel to the other half of the globe to see beautiful scenery that one dreams for his lifetime .
One can also easily see his deeply loved one through internet from miles away .
More importantly , they can share their ideas of how to keep healthy through Internet , to make more interested people get involve and find ways to make life longer and more wonderful .
The development of technology brings people joy , making things easier and this may be one of the achievements .
In conclusion , it is delighted to observe the fact that life expectancies are rising , but one must have the idea in mind that rising life expectancies is never easy .
There are a series of problems that hinders longevity such as current medication .
But data that shows the rising of life expectancies is indeed an achievement that reveals the improvement of modern life .
As for the future , who knows ?
We are on the right track .
Probably the next breakthrough is around the corner in the near future .
In recents decedes , it is a trend that people are able to live a longer life .
This is due to the improvements and breakthroughs in the realm of medication and people's living condition .
While it is applaudable that people achieved great success in prolonging their lives , there are social challenges posted by the rising life expectancies .
Without a doubt , the rising life expectancy is definitely a success in human history as it shows the achievements of the medical industries in finding out ways and medicines to treat diseases that were thought to be incurable in the past and providing people with vaccines to prevent diseases .
The condition of the living environment is also improved that people are able to live in more hyginenic places .
The improvement in technology also eases people's lives by replacing all the manual labourous works with easy and simple machine operative works .
Due to the three major factors stated above , people are no longer exposed to disease-breeding living environments , are able to cure their diseases considered fatal last time and do not need to do much labourous work .
The rising life expectancies best prove these improvements and have definitely written a new chapter on the history human civilisation .
However , as life expectancy rises , some social challenges occurred as well .
As the aging population grows , the young and more energetic people are subject to support more people of old age .
This creates a huge social burden to them and might cause some of them leave the country when the burden becomes unbearable .
This would result in the lose of manpower in a country .
Another aspect would be that as the young people feel it is hard to feed the old people in their families and themselves , they would choose not to give birth to any child in order to reduce the burdens on themselves .
This would result in decrease in birth rate of a country which is a very serious problem ,especially in more developed countries as the population has already reached a minimum .
Government will be burdened by the growing aging population as well because it needs to set aside a great amount of money to provide better welfare of the old people because they are in urgent need of it .
Less money will be left to develop the country and explore into new areas of business .
This would result in economic retardation and stagnation of a country .
Life expectancy can be defined as desired level of service or better technology to make one's life more comfortable .
People in current era are described as demanding or having high level of life expectancies in another word .
They are expecting better medication , healthier food , and cleaner environment and so on and so forth .
However , this rising life expectancies have become a challenge and also and an achievement in the population ageing .
Percentage of elder is increasing annually according to United Nations' projection .
In another word , there are more elders who have lower productivity and more medical problems compare to younger people in this world population .
On the other hand , people demand better quality of service and advanced technology such as newer I-Pad model .
In fact , these rising demands require a stronger working force who is active and higher productive than the past .
However , ageing population is a phenomenon opposite to it .
Ageing population leads to a working force composed of larger percentage of elders who are lower productivity and thus unable to meet the expectancy .
The second life expectancy is increased medical technology and sources .
Ageing population requires more medical sources since elders needs more medical attention .
However , the health level of world population shows an increasing trend due to advancing medical technology and it leads to exponential growth in number of elders worldwide .
Nevertheless , provision of more medicine and better equipments as well as more medical centre is necessary to accommodate these elders .
Another rising life expectancy is a bigger house with a lower price which is raised up by younger generation .
Ageing population is a consequence of increasing health level of population .
The concurrent result is increasing size of population .
When the elders live longer , the family size actually increases rather than decreases .
In addition , the younger generation eager to start their own family at another place rather than staying together with family .
This phenomenon increases the demand of land property and subsequently affects their price and size together .
Increasing size of population also leads to the problem in food supply .
The production of food is showing a lower growth rate compare to population's growth rate which will end up with insufficient food in the future .
Rising life expectancies is also an achievement to governments .
People expect more on the ground of their current economy , life stability and desire .
For an example , one would like to have I-Phone 5 in the past but he or she will expect it to have more functions or operate in faster speed after using it a while .
Thus , the rising expectancies actually reflect the increasing stability and comfort of people's life and indirectly reflecting the ability of government to provide people of their current comforts , economical statues , convenience and others .
Rising life expectancies is an achievement but it poses more challenges to government and people .
All have to work hard and cooperate to deal with these challenges on the way of meeting expectancies .
Otherwise , the comfort level of life will be maintained or lowered down when the time passes or people should lower their expectancies of life .
People's average age has become longer compared to the past .
From one perspective , it shows that the medical technology has improved over the years as people now are able to treat different deceases .
From another perspective , there are more and more elder people but less younger ones , the increase in population age has weaken the labor force and so on .
In my opinion , the increase in population age is more a challenge than an achievement .
Although the increase in population ages shows that people have increased knowledge and technologies , it should be considered as a challenge more than an achievement .
The technology is always improving and it never stops , and the lifespan of people are getting longer as well .
Thus , we should not compare now with the past but we need to worried about the future problems that caused by this situation .
In conclusion , the increase in population age shows both the human technology achievement and the new challenges like lack of young generation .
We have to consider more about our future generation , aware of the problem that over aging brought to us and come up with ideas to solve these challenges .
Soon after coming into the industrial age , human released the weapon and brings up a new technologic era .
An improvement in engineering and medical science had been valued since humanism arises .
Studies have shown that the average life span or human being rising gradually over years , in the sense that the improvement of global technology in medicine helps human to live longer and enjoyed the world even more .
In spite of that , people should aware that the power of science is not almighty , life will still go to their last page without revelation .
Since not all of the human being is going to be a doctor , people relies the skills of treatment of doctors and hence , they start to ignore the maintenance of their own health .
There is needless to doubt that the medical technology has enhanced day by day .
In the past , when people injured or fall into sickness , there is no guarantee that the people will get well treatment and fully recovered , therefore people can easily die by infected of a small disease .
With the grand medical skill we are having nowadays , human lived longer and hence , a great increasing in population .
It would be great if life expectancies keep rising up day by day , but in reality , it does not seem to be so easy .
Firstly , although the treatment is reliable , people would still need to have the awareness of their own health condition .
There are millions of doctor all over the world , but there are billions of patients as well .
Nowadays , the pressure from the head of a company towards those employee caused that people has to be fully concentrate in their jobs and because of that , people starts to ignore their health condition and relies on treatment and supplement .
Pressure can really cause sickness just like virus and germs and it is more like a chronic disease .
It is like a key that open up the gate of human body defend system and provide a cleared path for other disease to attack in .
Therefore , when the era is improving itself , the disease does it too .
It is a big challenge to eliminate all the disease in the world and keeping the life span to grow as people do sick every moment .
Nevertheless , human still need an improvement .
By comparing to the past , it is a big step forward in development of medical science .
In the era of Warring State , warriors lose their arms or legs or even all of them .
The rest of their life has to be relied on their family and the financial support from the others .
Their lives are becoming meaningless and a lot of them had chosen to suicide without giving troubles to the others .
Nowadays , things have changed .
Disabled people walks with artificial legs , man can getting pregnant , even the sexual of a human can be changed just by doing simple surgery .
It is really a great achievement in enhancement of technology which should be recorded in history .
In conclusion , the reason why population ageing is increasing majority is due to the great improvement of the global medical science .
It is a challenge but also an achievement .
Population ageing is a global phenomenon that arises in both developed and developing countries .
Average life span rise from 45 years old in 1920s to over 65 years old in 2010s .
In the social science report last year , this number will further increase to 90 years old in 2080s due to the advance medical technology and better living standard .
Population ageing means that there are more retired old people in the society and the portion of working adults is decreased .
It may cost higher social cost burden which further leads to the allocation of funds in government yearly budget .
Medical expenses , EPF and accommodation are the costs which directly involved to the old people .
It is responsibility of government to ensure the living of old people .
Otherwise , there are more and more people staying at the street and destroy the good view of Garden City .
In addition , it is also a challenge for government , family and parents to educate their children about the moral of filial .
With the moral of filial , most of the children will take care of their parents after their retirement life .
It is to prevent from sending them to old folk's house and do not visit them at all .
We also do not want to see the happening of worst things that parents are dropped by children along the streets and let them die themselves .
It may be a challenge but also golden opportunity to educate their children properly to prevent the undesired outcomes .
Life expectancies rise significantly from the past to recent in the whole world .
It is the outcomes of advance medical technology , changing of lifestyle and higher living standard .
However , among the under-developed countries , developing countries and developed countries , we found that there is longest life span in the developed countries follows by the developing countries and the shortest life span in under-developed countries .
The observation means that the more developed the countries , the longer the life span of citizens .
In the other words , it also can be said that it is an achievement to obtain an ageing population .
It is proud to have the ageing population which is hard to achieve unless there are advance medical technology and higher living standard .
Besides that , ageing population has an important and essential thing that we cannot buy in cash .
There is the experience in life time .
During the work , supervisor usually asks the so called "old staff' to lead the newbie .
It shows that significant case of the important of experience .
With the existing of experience , we can do the work more quickly without sacrifice the standard and quality .
It may leads a shorter ways to the decision and provide more sales and revenue for company .
The economy of country is boosted up and further leads to the new development and rise up our living standard .
In conclusion , there are challenges as well as achievement in the rising life expectancies which we cannot exclude .
Therefore , we must encounter the challenges and be proud of the achievement to create a new life for our next generation .
As we are human who are different from other animals , we have some basic rights like right to privacy , right to live , right to have a family and so on .
Among these basic rights , the most important one is the right to live .
During the less developed times , due to disasters like droughts  ,floods or severe contagious disease like black deaths , people at that time could lose their property and lives easily since they do not have enough power to protect themselves and restore their life in a short time .
However , as the technology develops , it increased people's mobility and productivity so as life expectancies .
As we can use the resources with maximum efficiency , we can enjoy more and more life material than any time of human society .
Even when the disaster comes , we can restore the order of our life in a relatively short time than before .
For example , the tsunami in Tohoku of Japan in 2011 is "the toughest and the most difficult crisis for Japan in the 65 years after the end of World War II" as CNN commented .
(CNN , 2011) However , only one year has passed , most of the survivors have come back to their normal life although with a sad memory .
This is not imaginable during less developed times .
With the strong back support of technology , the rises of life expectancies can be seen as an achievement to the development of our human society .
However , along with the increase of life expectancies , ageing problems becomes more and more severe .
Two of the most important causes of ageing problem is the increasing longevity and declining fertility .
The increasing longevity is due to fast development of the society so as the living pressure .
The increasing pressure will lead to the declining fertility .
As people who are incapable of production become more and more , our society follows a downward trend .
Moreover , as we use up more and more resources , what we have left may not enough for us to live on if we do not have enough human resource to do research of developing new technology .
Therefore , the increase of life expectancies is also a great challenge .
As we have mentioned above , the increase of life expectancy is an achievement as well as a challenge .
Surveillance technology such as RFID has been used to track people may help to reduce the number of people who get lost .
For example , there are always news on newspaper , report that some elderly get lost at certain place and their family are looking for him or her .
The family members must be worrying a lot about the lost elderly , and with the help of police office  , maybe they can find the elderly back , but it will take a long time , and a lot of energy to find someone in a country has a population about five million without knowing the exact location of that person .
However , if the elderly has been implanted with RFID devices , then it will be much easier for the family to find him or her with the special serial number issued to each device differently .
They can track the location of the device with the information provided by the RFID signals; therefore find the location of the lost elderly in a shorter period of time .
Surveillance technology will help to prevent the family to loss their member especially the elderly and the children which need to be pay more attention to .
Nowadays , population aging has become a more global phenomenon .
Subsequently , a lot of problems regarding to it are arising .
Due the rise of the life span and the shrink of the birth rate , the portion of the elderly portion is larger and larger .
As our society develops , the people have a much higher living standard , which will reduce the chance of getting disease .
Besides , as the development of the technology , the medical therapy also has a tremendous progress .
Many diseases which are incurable in the past can be cured now .
Therefore , the patient will have a bigger chance to be cured and survive .
Both of the two reasons will decrease the number of died people annually .
On the other hand , the birth rate in many countries keeps decreasing , whose figure is the lowest record comparing to previous figure .
Maybe , it is because the modern society is become more and more competitive , the parents are paying much attention and importance to their career .
They do not want to bother to spend so much time in raising and nurturing children .
Maybe that's one reason for the reducing of the birth rate .
First , if the older people increase , there will be fewer workforces that can support the society .
However , ageing population will also increase many kinds of other expenditure .
The most important part is health care and old-age pension .
As elderly people , they need more money for health care than the younger .
Government should also make a bigger amount of pension expenditure .
Secondly , for the older people , more facilities and service for them should be provided .
So more manpower will be employed , which deduces the labour in other area .
Of course , more money will be spent .
To pay this extra money , government will exert higher taxed on the other people .
Thirdly , compared to the young people , the security of the elderly is more notable .
Elderly people's ability to move and act is much lower .
They will be more vulnerable to be hurt or get some injures .
Therefore , some measurement and education about this should be taken by the government and the surrounding people to ensure the security of the old people .
To conclude , the population ageing phenomenon indeed shows our big achievement on economy , medical skills and living standard .
Nonetheless , the issues it brings out are more worthy to be considered .
More elderly people will bring a big extra burden to the society and government .
More facilities and service will be needed to fulfill these requirements .
Definitely , we should perform these demanded duties very responsibly and carefully .
Whereas , for the sustainable development of the country and the earth , some measurements and policies should be carried out to control and change this phenomenon .
Rising life expectancies is an achievement because it is an evidence of progress of modern medical technology and meanwhile it is a challenge because it can incur the problem of lacking work force or too large population .
It is natural that rising life expectancies is regarded as an achievement .
The goal of every species of living things is reproducing to increase the quantity of this species .
Humankind is not an exception .
People with rising life expectancies can ensure large population and large species of human being .
It is more secure for us because in potential sense we think with longer life expectancy it is harder for people to die out .
Rising life expectancies is also an evidence of progress of modern medical technology .
For ancient people it is miraculous to achieve 70 years old , but now it is general .
Rising life expectancies can bring us more skilled work force because we can delay the retirement time to extend working time for each person .
Longer working period means the old person who is more skilled does not need to retire and no fresh men will take over .
Thus it is more efficient to keep more skilled people for long time rather than training fresh men .
Rising life expectancies can be a challenge .
There are two possibilities .
On one hand , if there are less young people and more old people , lacking work force problem will arise .
On the other hand , if there are enough young people , then young people with rising life expectancies will cause larger population .
If there are more young people , then there will be even more elderly with rising life expectancies in the future definitely .
Population is large while the resources are limited , which will incur many problems such as environmental problems and inequality among people .
Expansion of population cannot continue like that because the resources are limited , and we will end with dying out after using up all resources .
To sum up , with rising life expectancies , there exist both achievement and challenge .
It is a progress of human being that we control the world and maintain our population with longer life expectancies , but it also has potential crisis for either nation or the human being .
We can either step back to maintain the population with some method , or step forward to search for more resources in outer space .
If a country can bear a ageing population , it is a thing that the country can be proud of .
In the first place , it must have grasped advanced health care system .
Ageing problem is in essence a problem of worsening bodies .
With increasing age , people become more prone to disease and injury , and more difficult to recover .
Without advanced health care system , aged people have higher rate of death .
