Topic 1: "The use of surveillance technology such as RFID to track people should be banned ."
The competitive world has caused technologies to improve rapidly in the 21st century .
One of the advancements in technology would be surveillance technology .
The concerns for safety and security have increased the extent of use of the surveillance systems .
Despite the proper usage of surveillance technology , there is a widespread abuse of the technology by some criminal organizations .
Hence , the potential for abuse increases .
Surveillance technology has been used as a tool for illegitimate activities which in turn threatens public safety and security .
This issue has become a main topic in public discussion .
Thus , due to the risk of misuse of surveillance technology , I fully concur that the use of surveillance technology should be banned .
First and foremost , surveillance technology such as Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) has been used as a tool for hackers and identity thieves to commit " 'contactless' "crime against victims without their consent (Lewan , 2009) .
RFID chip is largely used in some official identification documents such as driver's license and passport in America .
Once the RFID number is intercepted , it is possible for the criminals to track the movements of their targets without their knowledge .
Additionally , it has been concluded that the use of RFID has no benefit on the achievement of national security , but it resulted in an increment in risk of personal privacy and security (Lewan , 2009) .
Hence , the use of RFID should be discontinued .
Secondly , online behavioral tracking is another main issue of how surveillance technology has been misused .
It tracks users' online activities and collects their electronic information and makes the information available to parties other than their initial correspondents without their consent (Report on Consumer Watchdog; Consumer and Privacy Groups Urge Congress to Enact Consumer Privacy Guarantees , 2009) .
Hence , the consumers' privacy is invaded .
The online behavioral tracking can also be used to target vulnerable consumers for deceitful advertisement .
Thus , the security of the consumers is at high risk .
Thirdly , the improper use of this surveillance technology will bring about the consequence of privacy invasion .
Different people define privacy differently .
An anonymous author once defines privacy as " 'the claim of individuals , groups , or institutions to determine for themselves how , when and to what extent information about them is communicated to others' " (Bogonikolos and Holdsworth (Ed .
) . , 1999) .
Hence , everyone has the right to protect their privacy .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should be banned as it has been misused by people for illegal activities .
The misuse of surveillance technology not only invades users' privacy but also increases the risk to personal and national security .
There are many types of genetic testing , such as late-onset disorders and newborn screening .
Genetic testing allows early detection of diseases , which  may be useful to mankind .
However , genetic testing has brought about issues if such genetic results are revealed and abused .
Thus , I agree that the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
First , we will discuss  the relationship between employees and their employer's organisation .
There is tension between employees and employers regarding genetic testing .
(Stephen , 2003) .
If genetic testing indicates susceptibility  of an employee to diseases , there is a  chance  that the employer will dismiss the employee .
This is supported by the fact that most people with disabilities or diseases are discriminated against .
Most companies are not willing to employ them as they may be seen to be inefficient because of their disabilities .
Thus , genetic results should not be revealed to protect people from losing their jobs .
Opponents to this position may argue that such results should be revealed to protect the employer from an employee who is vulnerable  to illness .
(Stephen , 2003) .
However , the primary basis of employment should be work performance and efficiency , rather than on genetic testing .
(Kankowski & Capron ,1991) .
Hence , individuals should have the final say to protect them from  that may harm them .
(Stephen , 2003) .
Next , a further difficulty issue involves revealing of genetic results to insurance companies .
(Stephen , 2003) .
Applicants will be at a disadvantage when applying for insurance .
For example , if genetic results are revealed , the cost of the insurance will be expensive such that it may not be worth it .
Critics of this position claim that insurers will also be at a disadvantage if such results are not revealed to them .
(Stephen , 2003) .
I must admit that the insurer will be at a disadvantage if the situation is switched .
However , the cost of insurance should be on the current medical status of the applicant and should not be on the results of the genetic testing .
In conclusion , I believe that the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing as it will affect both the relationship between employees and employer and issues involving insurance .
Genetic testing is a test performed to allow genetic diagnosis of inherited diseases .
Not only so , genetic testing (fingerprinting) is also used to determine the child's paternity .
[1] Genetic testing does have many advantages in today's society .
In the society today , many have debated whether we really have the right to have the final say whether to reveal the results of the testing as many will think that it will lead to many ethical and social issues .
Or is it that it is a must to reveal it due to reality and we , individuals do not have the final say to reveal our testing to the public .
In my  opinion , in the high technology society we are living in , we do not have the final say in revealing of our genetic results to the public .
Companies do have the right to know the genetic testing results of an individual who is applying for the job offered by them .
For companies that offer jobs that require physical strength , it will be necessary to obtain the genetic testing of the individual .
For example , if one have inherited genetic disease like muscle dystrophy , it will be dangerous for them to work in the construction site .
Accidents might occur and it may also result in death .
Although many have debated that this is discrimination as companies may not employ those who has inherited diseases , but companies do have the right to choose employees with concern for their profits and the safety of others .
Individuals that may inherit genetic diseases should not choosejobs that are beyond their reach .
Hence companies instead of the individuals have the right to know the genetic testing of the individual .
A spouse does have the right to know the family disease of their partner .
If a couple is planning to have a child , it is best for them to go through genetic counseling if the parents are carriers of genetic disease [2] .
It will be unfair if the one kept the truth from their spouse .
The spouse does have the right to know whether the child will suffer from the genetic diseases .
This is a basic respect towards your partner in a marriage .
It is a must to declare it  and thus individuals do not have the final say in revealing of their genetic results to the third party .
The education sector  does have the right to know the genetic testing of their  students .
Those with genetic diseases like mental retardation and Down syndrome are asked to be enrolled in schools like MINDS and bright sparks .
Some may debate that this is a form of discrimination and violates the human rights of these children .
However , according to the American Association for mental retardation AAMR [3] , revealing of genetic testing results is not a form of discrimination but it is to be fair to those children with these genetic diseases as the children will be enrolled into the school that provides a better environment for them to study in .
It is a must to provide the school with the genetic testing result .
Hence individuals do not have the final say in revealing of their genetic results to the public .
All in all , in my  opinion , in the high technology society we are living in , we do not have the final say in revealing of our genetic results to the public .
It may not be a disadvantage and can even benefit many people based on the points mentioned above .
Thus individuals requesting  genetic testing do not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
Use of Surveillance Technology such as RFID to track people should be banned
With rapid technological advancement , myriad forms of surveillance technology have surfaced and people are using it both intensively and extensively .
From forms as high level as satellite surveillance to the common Radio Frequency Identification Device (RFID) , surveillance technology has served us well .
However , due to the improper exploitation of it , surveillance technology has become more  detrimental than beneficial .
Intrusion of privacy and upsetting of the various balances in society are concerns people are increasingly worried about .
Hence , with so much discomfort people are experiencing with surveillance technology , it should be banned .
Due to the immense usage of surveillance technology , the society has become relatively transparent .
On the intangible aspects , information of individuals can be easily retrieved with the ease of data mining (Easton , 2006) .
With high speed connections and data transfer rate nowadays , an enormous bulk of data can be moved around in a very short period .
Classified information like credit card , banking and medical records can get into the wrong hands , producing many repercussions .
(Easton , 2006) Identity theft is flagrant and many more will suffer from financial losses .
Moreover , as RFID technology becomes increasingly popular with the retailers , privacy of consumers is again compromised .
(Hariton , 2006)The tags are usually not "killed" and this allows consumers' movement to be tracked and habits to be observed .
(Hariton , 2006) This thorough understanding of consumers has certainly gone overboard .
Last but not least , biometric surveillance has given checkpoints the capability to monitor people down to the skin .
(Monahan , 2006) Evolved surveillance here is so revealing that people appear literally naked on screens .
Furthermore , surveillance technology has created many  and upsets in the balance of our society .
Society will see the rise of discriminations since the entire background of an individual can be easily traced .
Dates cancelled , different standards in pricing of insurance premiums and harassment of political dissidents are just a few to mention .
(Easton , 2006) Next , surveillance technology also widens the gap between the rich and the poor .
The rich can afford to encrypt and protect their data while engaging in better surveillance over the less well off .
Moreover , by selling information (Easton , 2006) , the rich will get richer .
With regards to RFID , usage mentioned earlier  will reduce the variety of products available in stores because retailers will only consider the better selling items .
Society will witness a smorgasbord of changes in the various balances and the birth of more deviants such as stalkers .
Therefore , with all the worrisome disadvantages  surveillance technology will bring , we ought to ban it .
It makes privacy lose its meaning and is unhealthy for our society .
Consequences will be disastrous if we do not put an end to it .
With the revelation of human's DNA structure by Watson and Crick in 1953 , it shows that there will be a totally new science and engineering related subject being brought to the world , which is genetic engineering .
By utilizing the sophisticated technology tools , together with the perseverance of researchers , many genetics related approaches have been made possible .
One of the noted breakthroughs is genetic testing .
However , the advent of genetic testing does not bring unanimous consent from the public .
There are uproars regarding the moral and ethical issues which cloud the topic of genetic testing from time to time .
Some think that the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in disclosure of the results .
In fact , individuals requesting genetic testing should not have the final say as they would possibly make wrong decisions .
First of all , if the individuals get diagnosed with hereditary genetic disease , they will probably be overwhelmed by guilt or anxiety , thereby making a wrong decision , which is nondisclosure of their results within families .
It is primarily caused by the desire of protecting family members from troubling information .
Conversely , siblings of the subjects should be told immediately as they may carry the same genetic disease as the subjects' .
Some diseases are treatable in the presymptomatic stage .
Therefore , the siblings must know it so that treatment could be administered as soon as possible .
The general practitioner , who is the one they are consulting and also experienced in handling this kind of case , definitely has the final say to make a more rational decision for them .
After that , parents who request genetic testing for their children must provide the genetic information of their children to school authorities for the enrollment .
This aims to divide the group of children according to their learning skill and to ensure that every single child is provided with the most appropriate education .
Individuals requesting genetic testing usually decide not to disseminate their genetic information as discrimination may be put forth to their lives .
In fact , there is one of the federal laws that has been applied to genetics nondiscrimination which is Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 (GINA) .
Besides forbidding the employers making adverse employment decisions , GINA also prohibits insurance companies reducing their coverage and pricing on the basis of information derived from genetic tests .
Thus , there is no fear of revealing the genetic results .
On the other hand , individuals are responsible to inform employers about their genetic conditions so that a better and safer working environment could be provided .
Finally , it has been said that individuals should have the final say on not disclosing their genetic information for research purposes .
Indeed , research teams should have a direct access to the genetic results so that the further genetic sequence on DNA could be unmasked in a faster pace .
As a result , individuals must provide their genetic information .
Ultimately , individuals requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in disclosure of their results .
This is because individual  is less capable of making a suitable decision .
It may end up with not only affecting one's life , but also influencing a few generations .
Hence , by having a requirement to reveal the genetic results , rational decisions will often be made to the benefit of the individual as a group discussion always comes up with fruitful conclusion .
The rapid development of medical technology has made it possible to diagnose disease inheritance or determine genetic disorders by using genetic testing .
Unfortunately , there is pro and con among the public about the disclosure of the result of genetic testing , whether it should be revealed or not .
Then , who will be the one who holds the right to do it ?
On one side , some people think that the individual who requests it has the final say for the revelation .
On the other hand , others reason that the genetic inheritance is something that is quite crucial , thus it should be discussed with the family first before reaching the final decision  .Therefore , the final say does not only depend on one person but also his relatives .
withholdIn conclusion , the result of genetic testing that inprivates about our herissue disease , will not only affect us as individual but also our family .
Therefore , the final say should not be in individual but the whole family .
Genetic testing has become a common practice in the modern society .
Its general purpose is to check if one has the potential to develop certain genetic diseases .
However , this has brought about many debates on  ethical issues in  society .
Some argued that individuals who have requested the genetic testing should have the final say about revealing their test results so as to preserve individual's rights .
However , this will have a  negative impact on  society .
Thus , they should not have the final say .
In conclusion , individuals should not have the final say about revealing their genetic test results since it will be more beneficial to the society .
By revealing the results will benefit the majority  .
After September 11 2001 , surveillance became important as it is one of the tools to prevent terrorism .
This then brings about the debates on whether surveillance technology should be banned  This is because surveillance could provide security , and it could also invade our privacy and disturb the society .
In my view , surveillance technology should be banned as the disadvantages clearly outweigh the advantages .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should be banned as it invades our privacy and disturbs the society 
The past two decades have brought about huge technological advances in the areas of nano-engineering and information systems .
With the help of  modern technology , humans are able to create increasingly efficient devices which are able to store relevant personal information or to trace one's location .
The use of sophisticated personnel tracking devices has long been an ethical quagmire , with people holding polarizing views debating if  surveillance technology can be  allowed to track people .
Proponents for the use of tracking devices on humans assert that patients can be easily identified in cases of emergency with their medical profiles easily accessible , since information is stored in a database that can be accessed via the internet (Lewan , 2007) .
Administrative procedures are greatly reduced , and the patient's vital records , for example drug allergies are readily retrievable .
Patients will be able to receive immediate and proper medical attention , which in certain cases can be a matter of life and death .
Moreover , tracking devices are able to assist law enforcement personnel to monitor suspects closely (Michael , K & Rose , G , 2007) .
Unknowing crime suspects can be monitored closely by the police over a period of time .
This allows discovery of new evidences through observation of the suspects; and to  prove if one is innocent or guilty .
Some arguments brought forward by opponents states that tagged identities could be easily duplicated by identity thefts (Lewan , 2009) .
This argument is flawed , as there is no concrete evidence showing the existence of such crimes .
The argument also blatantly ignored the fact that there are additional measures being taken to preventing such crimes .
Opponents also claim that the government will be able to use such devices to monitor , instil fear , and ultimately control the users (Lewan , 2009) .
This assertion is a fallacy , as it is based solely on foresight , and is cynical and biased .
In conclusion , tracking devices should be allowed in tracking people , as it is able to change human lives for the better , and it may even prevent or reduce crime rates .
Should the use of surveillance technology such as RFID to track people be banned ?
Nowadays , advances in technology have made tracking people no longer an uphill task .
Due to this , many surveillance technologies have been created in order to make the tracking job efficient .
A controversy on the benefits of the surveillance technology and the effects of the surveillance technology has been aroused .
Nonetheless , the use of it has brought along significant benefits and therefore it should not be banned .
There are two main benefits that the use of surveillance technology has brought  .
Firstly , it helps to tag "high-risk" patients (Todd Lewan , 2007) .
A microchip is implanted into the arm of patients who had heart diseases , diabetics or Alzheimer's disease .
For the Alzheimer's patients , it helps to track them in order to ensure their safety .
By using this technology , the location of the patient can be easily detect by a reader and immediate action can be taken if the patient is in risk .
This system really benefits the Alzheimer's patient who are often lost due to their degrading memories .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology to track people should not be banned .
It benefits not only the individual but the whole world .
Surveillance technology is being widely applied in the post-9/11 world .
Above all , the use of sophisticated surveillance technology , such as RFID and GPS by the law enforcement agencies to track people has raised many eyebrows and faced criticism .
However , human tracking technology is essential in preventing terrorism and reducing crime rate , subsequently ensuring the safety of lawful citizens .
Therefore , the use of surveillance technology to track people should not be banned .
There are two major advantages of using surveillance technology to track people .
Law enforcement agencies are able to identify terrorists and put a stop to their plans .
Recent happenings show that a number of terrorist plots have ceased because of  surveillance technology (Michael & Rose , 2007 , p . 8) .
It consequently helps to prevent major catastrophes ,  which involve the loss of human lives (Michael & Rose , 2007 , p .8) .
Other than that , the technology also helps in reducing crime rates all around the world .
It is especially useful in stamping out "transnational crimes such as drug and people trafficking , money laundering , and the smuggling of things" (Michael & Rose , 2007 , p .8) .
Besides that , surveillance technology also enables the tracking of criminals who are on the run  , and  even kidnappers .
Once being tagged , the lawbreakers' positions can be monitored and crimes can be solved within a short period of time .
Critics argue that such surveillance technology is able to track an individual on a regular basis , thus there is a compromise of one's privacy (Michael & Rose , 2007 , p . 2) .
Similarly , the United States has been criticized for promoting the use of human tracking technologies after the 9/11 event (Michael & Rose , 2007 , p . 8) , as it indicates the beginning of an Orwellian era as claimed by many privacy advocates (Lewan , 2007 , para .
7) .
However , this unfounded argument is not adequate to outlaw the use of human tracking technology .
Jacques Ellul noted that "to be sure of apprehending criminals , it is necessary that everyone be supervised" (Lyon , as cited in Michael & Rose , 2007 , p . 20) .
Safety of mankind is not worth being sacrificed just for the sake of their privacy .
A balance should be reached between the two extremes - the banning of human tracking technology and privacy being stripped away from innocent citizens .
"The individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing"
Genetic testing is designed specifically to detect differences in deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) segments .
The history of genetic testing dates back to half a century ago where diseases such as PKU (phenylketonuria) , an "inborn error of metabolism" in which mental retardation is caused by an amino acid buildup in the blood , was tested on newborns (Lewis , 2008) .
While genetic testing presents healthcare benefits , it could bring possible harms if misused .
Therefore , the decision to reveal the results of a genetic test should remain in the hands of the patient .
Easy access by third parties such as insurance companies or healthcare professionals to an individual's genetic information may cause invasion of privacy and discrimination .
Although medical personnel are entrusted with the ethics of genetic testing , commercialization and easy access to certain genetic testing may lead to compromising situations for members of the public (Bioethics Advisory Committee , 2005) .
For instance , genetic information that falls into the hands of insurers and employers without the consent of individuals will be used to prejudice against the tested individual .
Society might treat the person differently or even deny basic rights to equal job opportunities , income , education , mental well-being , housing status , health , and medical treatment .
Racial discrimination still exists today in various parts of the world despite government efforts to eradicate it .
Who can say what will happen if a patient's genetic information falls into the wrong hands ?
In conclusion , the patient of genetic testing should have the final say in  revealing the results  .
Until proper steps such as enactment and reinforcement of laws are taken by the governments , genetic information of individuals should be kept private and confidential to avoid exploitation by unscrupulous parties and also to avoid the disintegration of family relations .
The release of genetic information of a patient has wide and lifelong implications on his or her life , and therefore this vital decision should be made after careful thought .
"The individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing"
Genetic testing includes special techniques to examine the information carried by DNA which are held in the sequence of pieces of DNA called genes .
DNA is taken from a person's blood , body fluids or tissues .
By analysing an individual's specific genes , some diseases such as cystic fibrosis and sickle cell anemia may be detected .
An individual can prevent some diseases or get the appropriate treatment for the diseases after getting the results of genetic testing .
However , if the result of the test can be easily assessed by a third party , a lot of problems will occur .
Therefore , the patient should have the right to decide whether he or she wants to reveal the results of the genetic tests .
This issue will strongly affect the relationship between employees and employers .
Generally , all of these genetic results will be revealed to the employer and if the employer knows that some of the employees  are prone to certain diseases , it is likely that the employees will be fired .
This is because people with disabilities are often being discriminated against .
These people have to look for other alternatives to earn a living .
Once the results are revealed , employees will have difficulties finding other jobs .
Hence , results should not be revealed to protect employees from environments that might harm them .
Another difficulty involves the disclosure of genetic information to insurance companies .
Applicants for insurance will be under increased pressure to undergo genetic tests and those prone to diseases are less likely to be eligible to buy insurance .
In conclusion , genetic testing results are a matter that should be kept private for the benefits of the patient and should only be released under certain extreme circumstances . .
Genetics plays a role in every disease .
Genetic testing informs individuals and families of their genetic status; this knowledge may enable them to take adaptive measures against a genetic disease (Jacobs , & Deatrick , 1999) , if the disease is treatable .
However , as technology advances , exploitation of genetic testing increases , resulting in the breach of human rights of privacy .
Removing individual's control over the results will in turn lead to freely accessible genetic information , which may cause social problems and family dilemma .
Firstly , every human's gene is unique and personal .
The sharing of personal genetic result is akin to being exposed to public scrutiny . .
It is undeniable that one is morally obliged to inform the relatives of the patients about the genetic test results .
However , one has the rights to confidentiality and decision on what information to reveal and how to disclose it .
Moreover , relatives , being the recipients of the bad news should have their choice whether to remain ignorant  .
Therefore , one has the rights to one's genetic privacy .
Thirdly , family members generally inherit the same set of genetic codes from their parents , and may be susceptible to similar diseases (Jacobs , & Deatrick , 1999) .
However , one would not be able to determine their preparedness for such information .
It may cause not only unnecessary distress and anxiety to relatives , but will also unravel family secrets; namely adoptions and parentage (Doukas , & Berg , 2001) .
Thus , it is still up to the discretion of individuals to go for genetic testing if they are at high risk .
Therefore , individuals who have requested for genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
"The individuals requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing ."
Genetic testing has made it possible to identify individuals who are at risk of having a disease , and to test the probability of them passing on a disease to their offspring .
There is an ongoing debate in whether these individuals should have the final say in whether or not to reveal the results .
This is because these results will affect not only the individual , but also his family , offspring , the future generations and even the society .
Thus , individuals should not have the final say in the disclosure of genetic testing results .
Secondly , individuals can receive better family support and further harm can be prevented .
If individuals do not have the final say in revealing genetic test results , their family members will know their condition , and they can be more sensitive to the individual's feelings , such as giving them better support and encouragement .
Also , people diagnosed with chronic diseases are more prone to getting depression (IMH) .
Bottling up emotions will worsen the condition , and in severe cases , will lead to suicide (IMH) .
This will do more harm than good to the individuals .
"The use of surveillance technology such as RFID to track people should be banned ."
In modern times , there is an increase in the types of threat that can affect a nation's security .
People need to collect intelligence about a situation before they can act against it; and this has led to the increasing employment of surveillance technology .
The use of surveillance technology has raised concerns over the intrusion of personal privacy (Sim , 2006) .
However , since surveillance technology can help to identify problems , a solution or preventive measure can be formulated to prevent these problems from occurring , and this in turn lead to the protection  of people's health and the country's socio-economic stability .
Hence , the use of such surveillance technology  to track people should not be banned .
Firstly , the use of biometric surveillance in the form of a biometric passport will make it more difficult for terrorists to travel in and out of different countries , due to increasing passport security and border surveillance .
Furthermore , this information which is kept in a central repository can easily be updated and shared among other government agencies by wireless internet , making biometric surveillance timely and accurate (Sim , 2006) .
This method is highly efficient compared to traditional passport controls and surveillance methods .
Not being able to track terrorist movements could allow terrorists to enter a country and possibly carry out a terrorist attack; and it also makes it easier for them to escape .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should not be banned as it could result in a compromise of the nation's security and could pose a danger to people and their health as well as the country's socio-economic stability .
A better solution would be the introduction of a privacy act .
Over the years , there has been an increase in the use of surveillance technology .
This has brought about a wild debate on the banning of the use of surveillance technology to track the movement of people .
While most propositions agree to ban the use of surveillance technology , they have in fact overlooked the actual and potential benefits of the surveillance technology .
These benefits include disease surveillance and private surveillance on family members .
Thus , the use of surveillance technology should not be completely banned .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should not be banned as it can help to control the spread of diseases and also protect our family from harm .
Furthermore , the banning of this technology may cause more harm to society .
"The individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing ."
Secondly , revelation of one's genetic status subjects the individual to many social issues related to genetic discrimination (Bereano , 2000 .
For instance , insurance companies would reduce healthcare coverage , increase health premiums or terminate the health insurance policies for individuals with potential genetic risk (Bereano , 2000 .
Furthermore , discrimination imposed by employers and colleagues could influence an individual's self- esteem and psychological well-being .
In conclusion , individuals should have the privacy to determine whether to reveal their genetic results or not since it not only inflicts emotional distress on their family but also subjects them to social discrimination .
Advancement and breakthrough in technology has now made tracking individuals using surveillance technology a reality today .
This has sparked many controversial debates on ethical and moral issues on using such technology .
Some have highlighted that usage of such technology infringes on individuals' personal privacy .
On the other hand , surveillance technology can also protect the well-being of people .
Since the advantages of surveillance technology far outweighs the disadvantages , it should not be banned .
There are many factors that support the use of surveillance technology to track individuals .
Firstly , surveillance technology such as biometrics , aids national security in areas like terrorism (Sim , 2006) .
Surveillance of terrorist focus on countering terrorist threats and allows the government body to intervene before a catastrophe takes place .
If not controlled appropriately , it may lead to chaos and instability of the state .
Arguments presented for the ban on the use of surveillance technology to track individuals are totally flawed .
For instance , the existence of surveillance technology in the virtual world helps to curb crimes against copyrights , piracy and bank frauds .
Copyright protection such as the TurnItIn Online Programme , is designed to detect unreferenced copying or plagiarism in individual's work .
In addition , illegal file distribution , sale and download are acts that tantamount to promoting piracy .
Individuals can be sued by the relevant distribution companies and authorities .
Moreover , surveillance technology helps protect against bank frauds and illegal activities , such as hacking into personal Internet banking accounts .
DBS Bank has in place security surveillance systems that regularly "monitor and detect any potential form of illegitimate activities" ( , 2007) .
In conclusion , the use of advanced technology to track people should not be banned , as it promotes and enhances the protection of people in many aspects , hence , contributing to a better society .
As  genetic testing is making rapid progress on providing information on the hidden DNAs which might cause diseases , the techniques have also aroused a large amount of heated debates on the ethical and moral issues surrounding the control of final say of the testing .
In terms of individual rights of privacy and long-term social influence , the one requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
First of all , the individual has the right to determine whether or not it is necessary to make the genetic testing results public .
According to the definition released by Bereano (2009) in his article Does Genetic Research Threaten Our Civil Liberties , the right of privacy "involves notions of the dignity and integrity of the individual" .
The individual who received the genetic testing should determine for himself or herself how and to what extent the relevant information is communicated to the public .
Although it cannot be denied that the other family members to some extent also have the right to know whether they share the same suspected genes as the tested , they can choose to test their genes by themselves , rather than to depend on other people's testing results .
If one's privacy cannot be protected so that the result might be made use of on any purpose , the human rights are endangered and hence this decision should be made by the individual requesting the genetic testing .
Secondly , social problems such as genetic discrimination tend to be implemented .
For instance ,  insurance companies can require the testing result before signing for a contact with a client who may be potential carriers of diseases .
Despite taking the risks of catching a disease , the client should  own the right to buy the insurance .
Nevertheless , insurance companies judge clients on the testing result and either refuse the healthcare coverage or even transfer this suspect diagnosis to the next generation" (Lynch & Lynch , 1996) .
This kind of problem will be wide-spreading .
Thus the individual should have the right to decide whether to reveal the result  , considering his own benefits .
To conclude , the one who requests genetic testing should have the final right to determine whether this result should be made public or not .
Surveillance technology was first introduced in the seventies where video tape surveillance became the global norm to watch human behaviours in a small area .
Over the years , advances in science and technology has empowered surveillance technology by introducing many forms and magnifying the scope of surveillance .
This has brought about many controversies on the ethical , health and social issues surrounding the notion of mass surveillance .
While supporters argue that surveillance technology brings benefits to the human race , the harms it causes when it is excessively misused outweigh the benefits .
Thus , due to the implications of surveillance technology , it should be banned .
Firstly , the use of surveillance technology invades our privacy .
Privacy is a  fundamental fundamental human right and we have the right to lead our lives without public surveillance .
In Britain , there are 4 .2 million CCTV cameras on the streets , about one for every 14 citizen ( , 2006) .
Mass surveillance has infringed our rights to lead a personal life as all our  actions and behaviours are being watched and tracked .
Therefore , surveillance technology should be banned as our basic right is being infringed upon .
Secondly , surveillance technology does not necessarily reduce the rate of terrorism .
September 11th would force world leaders to rethink their policies and implement all forms of surveillance .
Supporters suggest that surveillance technology provides a sense of security and helps to detect potential terrorist acts early by criminal profiling .
However , the truth is that surveillance technology does not prevent terrorism from occurring at all .
Surveillance technology also has loopholes and it is like a double- edged sword as anyone can use them for their own intentions which mean that terrorists might also use surveillance technology to observe their next "victim" .
Hence , it should be banned as it is redundant and a waste of resource .
Lastly , surveillance technology , such as RFID , might cause health problems in human implants .
Research shows that that implanted RFID tags are associated with tumors in rodents , mostly sarcomas (Foster & Jaeger , 2008) .
This result is alarming as it suggests  the possibility of a similar effect in humans (Foster & Jaeger , 2008) .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should be banned as the implications are menacing .
"The use of surveillance technology such as RFID to track people should be banned ."
Surveillance technology such as RFID (radio-frequency identification) should not be used to track people (e .g .
human implants and RFID tags on people or products) .
Do you agree ?
Support your argument with concrete examples .
Surveillance technology has advanced rapidly over the years and is commonly seen in many places , from leisure places to workplaces and even to our lifts and homes .
This monitoring of other people's behaviour , activities , or information has brought about many debates on ethical issue , security issues as well as individual's health issues .
Though some suggest that surveillance technology benefits us  the negative implications outweigh the benefits .
Therefore , surveillance technology should be banned .
Firstly , the use of surveillance technology has dehumanized and violated our most basic right which is privacy .
This is because surveillance technology such as closed-circuit television (CCTV) allows others to watch and track our daily activities .
We have lost our rights in leading a personal life and have to live in  constant fear that our every movement is being monitored .
Furthermore , unethical companies could easily obtain our personal information through social network and use it to manipulate us .
When we lose our privacy , we become vulnerable psychologically and easily manipulated by others .
Therefore , it is ethically wrong to invade other people's privacy and there is a need to ban surveillance technology to protect our own rights .
Secondly , surveillance technology has failed to protect us .
Many countries use surveillance technology to prevent terrorism attacks but terrorists also use surveillance technology to plan their attacks .
Terrorists are able to track down the security system in other countries using computer monitoring and then launch their attacks successfully .
As a result , surveillance technology provides minimal prevention or protection for us .
Therefore , surveillance technology should be banned as it poses threat to us and is ineffective in protecting us .
Lastly , surveillance technology such as implantable radiofrequency identification technology (RFID) brings about potential health hazards .
Today , the use of RFID offers important health benefits such as convenient access to patient's contact information and medical history .
However , it has also been testified that RFID brings about other health complications such as infections , especially in elderly and weak individuals .
Therefore , surveillance technology should be banned as it may do more harm than benefits .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should be banned as it is not only ethically wrong but also poses threat to our security and health instead of protecting us .
The individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
Secondly , it lowers the level of security of a country when terrorists are able to hack into their system and take control of the country's well-being .
As we know it today , the use of surveillance technology is globally used as a mass communication .
It is also  used as a safety to watch over one's power grid just like what US is doing now .
"According to officials , cyberspies from China and Russia have hacked into the US electricity grid and hidden software that could be used to disrupt power supplies ."
( , 2009) .
This imposes a high risk to the US in a time of war or even crisis due to the disruption of network by these cyberspies .
Thus , it is ironically contradicting the purpose of having a surveillance technology to secure us which in fact is back-fired .
Finally , critics have argued that by implanting a biochip (eg .
Radio Frequency Identification , RFID) into a dementia person , it eases the hospital authority to locate the  patient's whereabouts .
However , there is often a health issue that is involved in this implantation which causes complications to patients' health .
In late 2007 , an anti-chip activist  an important point that for more than one decade it has been known that implanted RFID tags are associated with tumors in rodents , mostly sarcomas (Blanchard et al .
1999; Elcock et al .
2001; Tillmann et al .
1997) .
This causes a controversy about possible carcinogenic effects; a substance or agent that tends to produce cancer () , that may occur in the implantation of chips on humans .
Thus , this affects patients by adding a new disease to them when they are already ill .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology should be banned as it brings negative implications not only to the citizens but also the world and thus poses a high risk of insecurity to the world .
Pandemics and epidemics have been prevalent since  ancient times like in the 18th century where small pox caused massive deaths .
Today with the recent spread of SARS , H1N5 (bird flu) and the latest H1N1 (swine flu) , having surveillance technology helps us to  battle these disasters .
In 2003 when SARS spread causing thousands of deaths all across the world , the temperature radiation surveillance technology was invented to help identity those possible infected people from those who were not , and to separate those who are likely to be infected from the healthy population .
home tracking devices  implemented especially for those who were quarantined for the 10 days duration to ensure that they did not break the rules and venture out of their homes into the community .
Critics of tracking devices have lobbied for tracking devices to be banned as they have  been said to invade privacy .
However in this  , although the tracking device ia an invasion to a person's privacy , it serves a good cause to ensure the safety of the general population . 
Wellbeing of a child has been a major consideration and concern for most parents .
One of the advantages of advance surveillance technology is that it allows parents to keep track of their children regardless of where they are , and to have some ideas of what is happening in their children's lives .
Critics have argued that by this , children have lost all form of privacy and that they are under the control of their parents .
Arguments for the surveillance technology agree that although it invades the children privacy , if the child does not do anything that causes their parents to be worried about , invasion of privacy should not be a major issue .
Recently SingTel mobile launched a mobile plan called the "Permission-based location device" where it addresses the issue of invasion of privacy and at the same time gives parents and guardians a peace of mind by allowing them to know the exact location of their loved ones to have an idea of what is happening in their lives .
As shown , surveillance technology and it uses' benefits can outweigh the cons that it can bring .
To conclude , surveillance technology should not be banned as they have more positive advantages compared to its downside .
The main critic of using surveillance technology is the invasion of privacy , this is unavoidable as to safe guard a place , people or nation there are some sacrifices that need to be made .
As seen in the argument the three different areas namely national , disaster and personal security , surveillance technology should not be banned but rather to always to be improvised and improved upon .
Motion: The individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
Over the years , genetic testing has become more available to the public .
An individual can request and afford to undergo genetic testing to find out whether or not his body houses a defective gene .
When the results of the test are given to the individual , the question of whether the results should be revealed or not arises .
Although the individual may feel that he should have the final say on the revelation of the results , in fact , having the physicians decide whether the results should be revealed would be much more beneficial to the society and the individual himself .
Therefore , the individual should not have the final say on whether the results of such testing should be revealed .
Firstly , the physician is in a better position to decide if the results should be revealed .
This is due to the physician being more knowledgeable about the results , especially if a defective gene is detected in the individual .
The individual is unlikely to reveal their results to their family , potential and current employers , insurance companies for fear of discrimination from them ( 2007) .
However , by doing so , he is actually putting his family at risk as they will not know whether they too carry the defective gene which would put them at a higher risk of developing the disease associated with the gene () .
Furthermore , the physician would not be able to determine if the defective gene is hereditary and whether the other family members have that gene or not .
Secondly , for his own reasons , such as family disputes , the individual may choose not to act responsibly and withhold the results from family members .
In such cases , the physician would have the right to reveal the results to the family of the individual , especially if the test results indicate that the defective gene is present , there is the possibility that others in the family have the gene as well .
Also , with regards to the problem of discrimination , which is the underlying factor for the individual not wanting to reveal the results , there are laws in place in many countries that states that it is against the law to discriminate against people who have tested positive for a particular defective gene .
The physicians also have their medical code of conduct that states information about the patient which is confidential unless it poses threat to others ( 2008) .
In conclusion , the individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say as to whether the results should be revealed or not as the benefits of revealing the results is substantial to the individual and his family , and it cannot be assumed that the individual will be able to act responsibly to his family in the face of his own interests .
Genetic testing has made possible the determination of genetic diseases .
However , the release of genetic testing results has brought about a controversy .
If family members havesimilar   genetic background , individuals may feel the need to disclose their results .
However , being likely to face discrimination from society , individuals should also have the choice to conceal the information from others .
This freedom of choice provides respect for their basic human rights .
Thus , individual consent should be obtained before the release of genetic testing results .
Firstly , the disclosure of a positive test result for a certain genetic disease may cause an individual to be susceptible to discrimination .
He may be treated less favourably than others due to his genetic disability .
For example , employers may prefer to employ individuals who are not predisposed to genetic diseases  , 2005) .
Health insurance companies may also avoid clients with genetic disorders ( , 2005) .
Thus , the discriminatory treatment an individual may be subjected to makes it essential that their consent be obtained in advance .
It may be argued that the legalization of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) may solve the problem of discrimination ( 2008) .
However , limitations in this policy may still subject individuals to discrimination due to the exclusion of those applying for life insurance , disability insurance or military benefits  , 2008) .
Thus , the ability of GINA to solve the problem of discrimination may be limited .
In conclusion , only the individual concerned regarding the genetic testing results may make the decision to reveal his results .
The violation of human rights and discrimination he faces may cause it to be unjust for the individual to feel compelled to reveal his results .
Therefore , it is of importance that confidentiality of the individual be preserved .
As a type of surveillance technology , RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) is drawing increased attention and has caused many conflicts with regard to privacy , security and health issues .
Advocators suggest that using RFID to conduct social control and tracking of suspects could benefit the whole society .
However , RFID in fact is not as ideal as they thought .
On the contrary , it not only leads to an invasion of privacy and identity theft but also poses health risks .
Hence , the use of RFID to track people should be banned .
Using RFID to track people raises many issues .
Firstly , the abuse of RFID invades privacy .
It is hard to guarantee that every tracking is innocent and conducted in proper ways and .
For example , overzealous employers and criminally intent people could take advantage of the RFID readers to track employees and victims' movement (Jean 2007) .
In this case , victims may lose their privacy even without awareness .
Secondly , because a RFID embedded card can easily   be skimmed and cloned , to some extent , it is a loophole for identity theft .
by using the cloned card , anyone could pass into a restricted area through the secure and locked entrance (Jones 2008) .
Hence , using a RFID equipped card to track and control entrance is not secure and effective at all .
Thirdly , implantable RFID chips have connections with health issues .
Research showed that "implanted RFID chips caused cancer in mice and rats and may cause cancer in cats , dogs , and humans" (Jean 2007) .
Additionally , "although an RFID chip in particular may not cause cancer , the inflammation caused by surgical implantation of a foreign object can increase the instance of tumor development" (Jean 2007) .
sacrificing the health of people when conducting tracking is therefore unacceptable
However , RFID advocators may argue for the purpose of alleviating the fear of privacy invasion .
For instance , the reader needs to be within about ten feet of the chip in order to extract data , so it may not handle long-range tracking (Jean 2007) .
However , it is still highly undetectable if the reader is installed inside doors or walls .
Furthermore , within such distance , RFID readers could still function (Jean 2007) .
Hence , people are still under the risk of being tracked and losing privacy without knowledge .
To conclude , since using RFID to track people raises the possibilities of privacy invasion and identity theft and causes health problems , the use of it should be banned .
Genetic testing is a test whereby the individual is tested for any deficiency in the genes that could indicate the presence of future diseases .
But once the result is out and the person has some defective genes , different issues starts to surface .
The person might be subjugated to discrimination and not even the Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act (GINA) would be able to solve the problem .
Furthermore , the individual has the right to decide on whether the result should be disclosed or not .
Hence , I strongly agree that the person should have the final say on whether to reveal the genetic testing result so as to avoid these problems .
Secondly , critics at the other end of the table may argue that there is the Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act (GINA) in the US that was passed down by the former US president , Mr . Bush on 21 May 2008 which states that 'the genetic carriers would be protect against discrimination when it comes to work and health insurance' (Kaiser Family Foundation , 2008) .
However , these laws generally fail to offer comprehensive protection to all people at risk for genetic discrimination .
Tera Eerkes , founder of personal genetic testing company  states that 'this measure does not prevent genetic discrimination against people when they are applying for life insurance , or long term care and disability insurance' .
Moreover , the insurance companies will be forced to hike up the cost of their premiums and might result in healthy individuals being quoted the same rate as the genetic risk group (David , L .V .
2008 , ) .
Thirdly , the individual should not be denied of his rights in the decision on whether the result should be disclosed or not , or else , problems might occur .
The European Convention on Human Rights states that "Everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life , his home and his correspondence ."
(Patrick , N . ,1993) .
If an individual is denied of his right to decide on the disclosure of his test result , probably no one will dare go for testing since they know that they do not possess the right to decide whether the result stays secret .
This will result in dire consequences , for example; there will not be proper family planning since genetic disorder is not taken into consideration , which might result in continued breeding of undesirable genetic traits in one's offspring .
In conclusion , the person who went for genetic testing should have the final say on whether to reveal the genetic testing result so that he will not be discriminated against or even denied of his basic human rights .
Recently , Radio Frequency Identification technology , also known as "RFID" has been a hot topic for discussion .
In the past , it was used to track equipmentequipment and data and this did not create much controversy with regard to the issue of privacy .
However , as technology improved RFID is now more frequently used to track people .
While some argue that the use of RFID to track people is unfavourable , it in fact not only ensures one's security and safety but also saves time and cuts cost for an industry .
Thus , due to the immense benefits of RFID , it should not be banned .
There are two important benefits of RFID .
Firstly , RFID is used in hospitals to keep a close watch on people for their own safety .
(Getz , 2009) .
This reduces the need to hire full-time nurses to accompany the Alzheimer's patients wherever they go .
When these patients wander around and get lost in an unfamiliar place , we are able to track their whereabouts and know where they are immediately .
Secondly , RFID is used to monitor employees' movements .
(Getz , 2009) .
This is especially useful in hospitals during emergency to track the whereabouts of doctors .
In life and death situation , doctors that are in the vicinity of the operation theatre can be called in for help instantly , hence saving time .
Arguments put forth to ban RFID are faulty .
For instance , it has been argued that the excessive use of RFID tags result in deterioration of personal privacy .
(Ward , 2006) .
However , for the group of people who requires constant attention , safety outweighs privacy issues .
Furthermore , RFID tags can be snapped in half to prevent the transmission of data when it is no longer in use .
Thus , this will not threaten individual's privacy .
Finally , there has been greater concern about RFID not only tracking the data of the patient , but also tracking the patient's actual whereabouts .
(Getz , 2009) .
On the contrary , this is a minor issue as only those with access to hospital's database can interpret the information .
Otherwise , this information is purposeless .
In conclusion , RFID should not be banned as it not only saves time and effort but also ensures one's protection from harm under close surveillance .
Advances in technology have made mass surveillance possible , even to track humans .
However , this has stirred up much controversy due to the privacy , security and health issues surrounding its use .
Supporters claim that surveillance technology can increase efficiency and effectiveness in tracking criminals and potential terrorists , and decreasing crime rates or track runaway or Alzheimer patients in hospitals to provide better care for every patient (Jean , 2007) .
In fact , it causes more security than health threats thus using it to track people should be banned to ensure their safety .
Threats discussed here would be with reference to Radio Frequency Identification Device (RFID) .
The main argument to support the banning is the risk of identity theft .
RFID tags and cards can be easily hacked and cloned and used immediately to get past what we presumed to be secured (Jones , 2008) .
If one had their pocket picked , he would know and can take measures to prevent it .
However , if one's personal information had been stolen without one's knowledge , one is completely vulnerable .
It is against the law to steal another persons identification card but not the information by "skimming" (Jones , 2008) .
The problem is worsened by the fact that these RFID tags and cards carry unlimited information and there are no regulations to include these virtual crimes .
RFID has enabled potential criminals to commit crimes more easily than ever with technology that is so readily available and surprisingly inexpensive .
Another argument to oppose the use of RFID to track people is the possibility of contracting cancer with the implantation of the chips .
"Research in the 1990s showed that implanted RFID chips caused cancer in rats and may cause cancer in humans" (Jean , 2007) .
Though rats are more likely to develop tumors regardless of the type of injection , "inflammation caused by surgical implantation of a foreign object still does increase the instance of tumor development" (Jean , 2007) .
Therefore , for the sole purpose of tracking , this sacrifice is not needed .
In conclusion , the banning of the use of surveillance technology such as RFID to track people would be essential to protect vulnerable civilians from security and health threats .
The rapid advances in medical technology present genetic testing that is used , to identify specific genes responsible for a significant disease in an individual (Centre for Genetic Education , n .d .) .
The perception of whether an individual should have the final say to reveal the results of genetic tests has lead to an ethical dilemma in  society and amongst individuals , particularly in family-relationships .
Since , the advantages of revealing the results of genetic tests outweigh the disadvantages in most situations ,  an individual should therefore not have the absolute authority to reveal their test results .
Finally , the potential discrimination in the society upon revealing the genetic test results is faulty .
This is because , the Insurance and Financial Services Association (IFSA) in Australia have a policy that states , genetic testing or having family members at risk for certain disease , will not be required for assessment in the insurance companies (Centre for Genetic Education , n .d .) .
It has been suggested that there should be respect for individual health condition .
In conclusion , the individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in revealing the results since , the advantages of revealing the genetic test results outweigh in most situations .
Radio-frequency identification , more often known as RFID in short , is one of the most pervasive technologies developed since the late 1940s .
Today , enterprises found the use of RFID chips in a wide variety of places including hospital , transportation system , corporations , schools , and worryingly , human beings (Andrea Jean , 2007) .
In this paper , I would like to discuss some problems in the use of RFID chip on human beings .
Human implant is experimented and studied deeply in many countries .
However , this has  proved to have huge problems unfortunately .
Volunteers participated in a controlled experiment on skimming  proved that a hacker is able to skim and clone an access card in a split second and using the card to get entrance to a "secure and locked" entrance (Jones , 2008) .
This absurd result brings into question  the security use of the human implant .
Looking at this piece of fact closely , it is not hard for us to see the more serious problem behind it .
RFID chip is able to store much information on personal identity .
Skimming from a skilled hacker is possible for the leaking of one's personal information to unfriendly parties he or she is not willing to befriend with .
This may lead to wide ranges of problems such as blackmailing , complication of crime investigation , duplication of identity , and in some cases , it can even be used as a political weapon .
Human implant of RFID is against human right in this sense as there is a huge risk of losing one's personal privacy .
Though outlawing skimming on RFID tags can be a possible solution , no one can be sure that it would not turn out to be like the case of computer hacking .
Though RFID has proven to be useful in many places , human implant will surely brings us more problems than benefits .
No doubt , under special circumstances , example implantation on babies and mentally disabled will make it easier for us to monitor them , RFID implant on human , however , is generally inappropriate .
With the advance of technology , surveillance technology has become prevalent in the society .
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) as one type of surveillance technology is used as a tool to track people .
Although concerns on privacy issues are raised , RFID benefits the society by ensuring safety among people .
Hence , since RFID brings about positive benefits , it should not be banned .
One area which benefits greatly from RFID technology is the health sector .
Firstly , due to RFID , the safety and security of the patients are ensured .
RFID is used to track patients' locations in order to make sure they are safe .
This is especially true for elderly patients with Alzheimer's disease .
Patients suffering from Alzheimer's have the tendency to wander .
Hence , RFID will be able to lookout for these patients and ensure they do not go missing , making them safe (Getz , 2009) .
Also , RFID technology can prevent newborns from being kidnapped .
With RFID , the locations of newborns can be monitored .
Thus , if there are to be unauthorized movements , immediate action can be taken (Getz , 2009) .
With the newborns' safety being ensured , their parents will not have to worry constantly when they are not able to take care of their infants around the clock .
Thus , RFID technology is able to protect the patients and ensure a safe and secure environment in hospitals .
Proponents for banning of surveillance technology in particular RFID argue that the privacy of people is invaded as people's specific locations can be identified (Getz , 2009) .
If there are standard laws put in place , so that information from RFID tags can only be obtained by authorized people , then , there should not be privacy concerns due to RFID (Getz , 2009) .
The user can choose whether or not to give out his or her information , as an RFID tag can be broken into two so that information will not be transferred (Ward , 2006) .
Since , privacy concerns are not much of an issue , RFID should not be banned .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology particularly RFID should not be banned as it results in a safe environment and the privacy concerns regarding it are not much an issue .
The completion of Human Genome Project has contributed significantly to the rapid development of genetic tests , a valuable tool that aids in diagnosis and prevention of genetic diseases .
However , due to the nature of the information generated , there have been many debates over who should hold the final decisions to the disclosure of genetic test results .
While some propose that giving individuals the authority to decide curbs arising ethical implications like discrimination , this in fact stops physicians from preventing illnesses and saving more lives .
Thus , the final decision should not be made by the individuals tested .
An important reason why patients should not be empowered to make the final decision is that it prevents doctors from tending to potential patients who could be at high risk of developing a disease if disclosure is not made .
Due to the need to maintain confidentiality of results , doctors will be compelled to watch patients with the defective gene fall ill when appropriate intervention can be done to avert  harm .
This  has gone against their 'proper medical and ethical practices' (Minkoff & Ecker , 2008) of preventing harm or avoiding serious jeopardisation of the health of others ) .
Considering  these competing obligations faced by physicians , the genetic care and counselling organisations have devised guidelines which accept disclosure to relatives without the consent of those tested when there is going to be a high degree and immediacy of risk faced by them (Minkoff & Ecker , 2008) .
It has been argued that genetic discrimination will arise in the context of insurance and employment if the decision is not made by those who are tested .
However , there has been limited evidence of genetic discrimination in both areas of insurance and workplace based on recent research .
(www .genetics .edu .au) Moreover , a policy statement by Insurance and Financial Services Association (IFSA) in Australia have made it mandatory that genetic testing will not be considered a requirement for policy risk assessment .
The statement also claims that the insurance industry will not utilise the genetic information of one for risk assessment of their family member (www .genetics .edu .au) .
In conclusion , individuals requesting for genetic testing should not be given the full authority to make the final decisions in results disclosure as it coerces doctors from fulfilling their duties in promoting the wellbeing of the society .
Modern advances in genetic research have helped scientists and doctors learn more about genes and how they affect us .
This has made it possible to know whether a person has inherited a disease before the symptoms start and show if a person is a gene carrier for a certain disease through genetic testing .
This brings up several issues , should the patient who tested positive for the disease be granted autonomy ?
[2] Lastly , should the patient be allowed to withhold the information from his/her family ?
[1] Due to the ethical and social issues genetic testing can bring , the individual requesting the genetic testing should not have the final say in revealing the results of the test but the medical professionals .
In the event in which the patient tests positive for a particular terminal illness , and refuses to receive the results , should the physician then respect his/her wishes although it violates the physician's ethics of putting patient's safety first ?
[2] Physicians trained to deal with the emotional burdens of a positive test result , are capable of properly counselling the patient of the implications of not knowing the test result and also providing the needed medical treatment for the long run .
[1] As the medical professionals would know what medical treatment the patient would need , and also understand the encumbrance such knowledge would bring , it is best that the medical professionals decide whether or not to reveal the test results .
Lastly , patients may , upon knowing the results of the test , refuse to share the results to immediate family members who will then be at risk as there is a chance that the same gene causing the disease runs through the family .
In this situation , the patient is unduly putting others at risk as knowledge of inheriting a disease could help to save a patient if diagnosed and treated early .
[2] Patients may also argue over the right to withhold the information as they have a right for privacy and autonomy .
Therefore medical professionals being experts in handling such situations would be able to recommend several other alternatives if the patient is insistent on withholding the test results .
[1]
In conclusion , the medical professionals are able to appropriately handle the delicate issues of genetic testing .
Hence , they should have the right in whether or not to reveal the results of genetic testing .
Technology has made our life so convenient that we have overlooked the {repercussions that comes with it .
An example would be the use of surveillance in this case radio frequency identification (RFID) technology in our everyday life without considering the health risks , consumer privacy rights and also its vulnerability to information thefts .
With that the usage of RFID should be banned so as to safeguard the general public .
Firstly the health issue poses a big threat to the usage of RFID as these chips are used in close vicinity to our body .
Patients who wish to keep their medical information might choose to have the chip implanted right under their skin .
The safety of using these chips is still uncertain even its exact position as the chips "(could) migrate under the skin and become difficult to extract" (Bacheldor 2007) .
Another concerning issue is that the "RFID tags may electromagnetically interfere with electrosurgical devices" (Bacheldor 2007) with particular attention at magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans .
Instead of aiding the patients to recuperate , the tags might in turn cause further deterioration to the patient's health .
Secondly , consumers might be ignorant to the fact that the products they purchased could be tagged so as to provide companies with the sales data and for market research .
Customers could also be tracked with the products anywhere so long as there is a right reader that could read the frequency (Free 2007) Consumer privacy will no longer be existent as consumers lose freedom of choice and also consistently losing personal information to marketeers .
Lastly as another information-carrying device , the RFID is also vulnerable to cyber criminals out to steal information about the users .
The attempts on hacking and spoofing the RFID tags had already been successful and so long as the frequency is replicated , the hacker would have access to the functions the RFID tag was made for (Halamka , Juels , Stubblefeild and Westhues 2006) .
The user might lose his password for access to areas or monetary items and also his identity .
The possibility that the RFID technology would prove to be more of a hindrance than a convenience is evident .
Therefore it should be banned in order to protect us from such vulnerabilities that the RFID would cause ,
Citations: Bacheldor , B .
(2007 , July 17) AMA Issues Ethics Code for RFID Chip Implants .
Retrieved September 10 , 2009 from {http://www .rfidjournal .com/article/view/3487/}[HYPERLINK: http://www .rfidjournal .com/article/view/3487/]
Free , B .
(2007 , April 10) Ramblings of an Affiliate Marketer .
Pros and Cons of RFID Technology .
Retrieved September 10 , 2009 from {http://ezinearticles .com/ ?Pros-and-Cons-of-RFID-Technology&id=522015}[HYPERLINK: http://ezinearticles .com/ ?Pros-and-Cons-of-RFID-Technology&id=522015]
Halamka , J . , Juels A . , Stubblefield Adam . , and Westhues J .
(2006 , May 10) The Security Implications of VeriChip Cloning Retrieved September 10 , 2009 from http://www .pubmedcentral .nih .gov/articlerender .fcgi ?artid=1656959
Surveillance technology such as Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) makes use of technical means to track individuals .
This has brought about many controversial issues regarding the privacy and health concerns surrounding the use of RFID .
While some argue that the adoption of RFID is a violation of human privacy , it  indeed helps to protect the safety of families  ,the public and to identify patients .
Hence , the use of RFID should not be banned due to the uses it brings about .
There are three important uses of RFID in tracking people .
Firstly , RFID protects the safety of loved ones by tracking the movements of kin in cases when they got lost or were kidnapped .
With the help of A RFID tag worn by senile elderly ,  the police can identify the missing elderly and then contact their family members .
In addition , RFID tags help to  assist the police to locate the hostage and kidnappers .
Secondly , RFID ensures the safety of the public by monitoring suspicious people who might pose a danger to  society so as to prevent them from causing harm to the public .
RFID is useful in combating crime .
Thirdly , RDIF improves the speed of patient identification in hospitals .
Upon admission to hospital , each patient is given a RFID wristband which reveals the patient name , patient identification number and patient medication record (Antonio , n .d .) .
This is to prevent misidentification of patients from happening .
Admittedly , the use of RFID presents some privacy and health issues .
Nevertheless , the current legislation is sufficient to deal with the development of RFID so as to prevent user privacy from being invaded .
For instance , the setting up of RFID Security Alliance (RFIDSA) provides assistance in RFID privacy issues .
Furthermore , the RFID tag does not bring health problems to  users .
An example is European council proposal on the limitation of the exposure of electromagnetic fields to the public (Council , 1999) .
In conclusion , the use of RFID should not be totally banned but it could be restricted in some cases .
RFID serves as a tracking device and an identification system in safeguarding the safety of loved ones  , the public and for identifying patients .
Human genetics has made tremendous leaps over the past years , and consequently made a significant impact on many people's lives .
As such , the growth of genetic testing technology has initiated considerable debate over the privacy and confidentiality of genetic information .
In any case , it can be advocated that the individual should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of genetic testing or not .
This is due to the legislation polices that have been implemented for genetic testing 
Firstly , genetic information is not like any other medical information .
Basically , it is far more confidential as it may contain more  individual personal health issues  such as determining whether one carries any defective genes .
Hence , it is rightful to say that genetic information should be kept confidential and should only be revealed by the individual .
In accordance with federal law inthe United States  ,  medical information should be kept confidential and genetic professionals or doctors do not have the right to disclose any information without seeking the consent of the patient .
Though , they may assist  patients by informing them of the likelihood of their relatives contracting the same diseases , the final decision ultimately still depends on the individual .
On the other hand , critics may argue that genetic professionals can interpret the genetic testing results more accurately than  patients .
Thus , they can explain the implications of the results more precisely to  family members .
However , only  patients will understand their family members' different behavioural patterns .
This means that they are more suited to revealing the results by using a more desirable method .
As a result , they may help reduce the psychological stress on family members .
In conclusion , the decision of whether revealing the results of genetic testing should lie only with the individual and not other third parties involved .
Any disclosure of results by third parties will be considered a breach of the genetic privacy and confidentiality law and may cause unnecessary moral implications .
Genetic testing is generally used to test for any diseases that arise due to gene mutation .
Genetic testing has become more ubiquitous in recent years .
Issues that revolve around genetic testing are no longer limited to whether the individual should go for a genetic test but include the concerns of privacy and confidentiality .
I advocate the idea that  patients should have the final say to decide whether to disclose the test results to relatives and families .
First , the law and human rights declaration recognizes the right to privacy of  individuals .
A law , under any circumstances , is justified and objective .
The law , by no means , states that moral implications have to be considered by the individual .
In serious cases of diseases which are infectious , even though the doctor thinks that the family has a right to be informed of the risk , he cannot breach the confidentiality agreement between him and the patient .
Under the European Convention , article eight states clearly that "everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life ."
(Abrumsky ,L . , Berry , C . , Carltan ,L . , Chandler ,J . , Dimaricius ,J . , Ennals ,P .
et al . , 2009) Unless there is mutual agreement on both sides , the final say should lie with the patients .
Secondly , the final say should lie with the patient as he knows what is best for his family members .
The patients knows the different behavioral patterns of his family members and will know the best way to approach them regarding their genetic condition .
He can also decide not to tell his family members if he thinks that they might not be able to cope with the news emotionally .
In this way , the family members of the patient are protected from  emotional harm like stress and anxiety .
A doctor cannot determine how the family members will react to the news and hence should not have the final say in the disclosure of genetic test results .
In conclusion , the final say in the disclosure of genetic test results should lie with the patient according to the legal jurisdiction and to the fact that the patients understand the different personalities of their families and will have their best interests in mind .
The advancement of Science and Technology has lead to many possibilities , one of which is the ability to predict one's risk of contracting certain diseases , mostly hereditary , via the study of one's genes .
Called genetics testing , the test results , though not definitive , are highly accurate .
Hence this predictive power leads to one of the many controversies- should an individual have the final say in whether to reveal his/her results ?
Because the results could potentially be used to save lives , yet at the same time be misused , the individual requesting the test should not have the final say .
In fact , this authority should go to  medical professionals; basically physicians undertaking the proceedings of the test and  interacting with the patients firsthand .
The opposition may state that leaving the decision to a third party who may be insensitive ,may jeopardize the patient's chances in employment and insurance .
However , there are laws in place (Norrgand , 2008) that will prevent such occurrences .
Moreover , physicians still respect patient autonomy unless certain conditions permit otherwise .
It has also been suggested that the harsh truth of inheriting a genetic risk may create an emotional impact , especially when disclosed despite the patient's reluctance .
However , the physician is present to provide advice and post-test counselling .
Moreover , the mental preparedness of the patient is most likely moulded on the pre-test counselling before genetic testing is carried(Lee , 2005) .
In conclusion , physicians should have the final say in whether to reveal the genetic testing results as they have the know-how on managing the entire situation before and after the patient is subjected to the test .
Genetic testing is an issue that mankind has placed great emphasis on .
After test results are analyzed by physicians , there is a dilema about whether the information should be made known to others or whether itshould be kept confidential by the individual .
Despite the fact that human rights exist ,  physicians actually have a clearer understanding of the results and the ethical and social issues that surface by withholding such information .
Hence , the proposition that genetic test results be made known to others by the medical professionals should hold .
Firstly , genetic testing has led to the ethics of medical professionals being questionable .
There are instances when a patient tested positive for a disease , but refused to know their results (BAC , 2005) .
I must admit that the rights to privacy should hold .
Nevertheless , by not sharing this critical information , it creates more problems for themselves .
This is clearly true as test results indirectly reflect genetic information related to family members as there is a possibility of them inheriting the disease too .
In such a situation , the authority to release the resultst should lie with the healthcare professionals .
Secondly , genetic testing has also been deemed as a social issue .
It has been speculated that discrimination occurs during employment and the application of health insurance when genetic information lands in the hands of  employers and insurance companies (Lee , 2005) .
However , they fail to realise that there have been laws legislated to prevent discrimination of such forms (Lee , 2005) .
As a result , the employers and insurance companies should have the right to request genetic information from their employees or clients directly , or indirectly from medical professionals who have a better interpretation of the genetic test results .
In conclusion , although on the surface there seems to be disturbing issues in sharing genetic information ,  when observed in depth , the information  shared can be  an advantage to the individual as well as those around him .
Eventually , the stand that test results should be made known to others by the medical professionals should hold .
The use of the technology such as radio frequency identification (RFID) in tracking people has been heatedly discussed recently due to privacy and security concerns .
Nevertheless , these concerns are outweighed by its pros due to the benefits it brings in ensuring the loved ones , the public as well as identifying patients .
Hence , I strongly agree that surveillance technology such as RFID should be used to track people .
Firstly , RFID can ensure the safety of loved ones .
In the case of kidnapping , those who had RFID implanted can be easily located by RFID readers .
For elders who suffer from memory loss , RFID can provides their identities once they are found lost their way home .
Secondly , RFID can ensure the safety of public .
By implanting RFID tags on prisoners , their movements can be monitored and their location can be easily spotted should they escape .
It can also be used on ex-convicts to track their movements and prevent them from committing crimes again .
Thirdly , RFID helps to identify patients .
A RFID tag which contains patients' complete medical history can be implanted to enable treatments by doctors according to their conditions .
Furthermore , RFID tags help to prevent wrong prescription of medicine and any delay treatments which will endanger the lives of patients (Antonio , Putten & Gerald) .
There are some arguments about the disadvantages of RFID .
Firstly , people argue that RFID tagging will infringe one's privacy .
However , this is not true as the existing rules and legislations are able to cope with the development of RFID and protect users' privacy .
For example , the Data Protection Directive and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive had been set up in Europe to provide security for privacy and data security .
Another argument is that RFID tag may exert negative health effects to the users .
Nevertheless , the relatively low power of RFID actually gives minimum health risk comparing to other wireless applications such as mobile communications and broadcasting .
Moreover , World Health Organization's research also shows that under certain limits , electromagnetic magnetic field from RFID will not incur any negative health effects  .
In conclusion , surveillance technology such as RFID should be used to track people due to its advantages in ensuring the safety of loved ones , public and also identification of patients .
Medical advances in technology have made it possible to detect if one has a genetic disease through genetic testing .
Genetic testing can be defined as the analyzing of one's DNA to detect the possible risks of contracting a genetic disease .
This has brought about a lot of debate on the ethical and law issues on whether the individual has the final say in revealing the genetic testing results .
Due to privacy and the effects of emotional stress , the individual should have the final say .
Firstly , rights to privacy are recognized in many legal jurisdictions (Abramsky , n .d .) , especially in regards to personal information , such as genetic testing results .
Laws have been implemented to protect the confidentiality of such personal and sensitive information .
Therefore , due to law issues , only the individual has the right to decide whether or not to reveal their personal information .
Secondly , there will be emotional stress experienced by relatives , if results are revealed unnecessarily .
For example , letting parents know about the genetic risks may cause them to have a guilty conscience , they may feel responsible for passing a genetic mutation on to their child .
However , there is a common misconception that being tested positive means that they will definitely get sick(Varga ,2008) .
This is not necessarily going to happen as many other factors are needed to occur as well , like non-genetic risks such as smoking(Varga ,2008)  .
Therefore , revealing  results could be redundant if relatives do not have non-genetic risks , and furthermore it could create undesirable emotional stress for the relative .
So , the individual should first observe  any signs of symptoms of the genetic disease the relative may have , such as deformity or behavior problems , before deciding whether or not to tell .
In this case , third parties such as doctors should not reveal the results , as doctors are usually more concerned with alerting the person of the possible chances of contracting the genetic disease , rather than the possible negative impacts this news may bring to the person .
In conclusion , due to the law issues and  possible undesirable emotional stress caused by relatives , the individuals should have the final say in revealing the results , as it is their personal information , and  they understand their relatives better emotionally .
Tracking of an individual's  movement using RFID technology is made possible when it is used in a combination with Global Positioning System technology , as proposed by RFID vendors .
A person's movements can be tracked if the RFID tag is associated with a person .
The RFID tag could be  in an article of clothing or under the skin in some part of the body and it could also serve as an identifier for the person wearing it .
RFID should not be banned as it brings many benefits to our lives .
There are many advantages to using RFID technology to track people's movement .
Firstly , companies/family members could leverage   RFID technology to locate their loved ones/employees if they were missing or working in a dangerous environment .
(Jerry , David , Manuel & Thompson , 2007 p .469) Secondly , in hospital , a positive patient identification system using radio frequency identification , RFID , to identify patients can led to fewer patient misidentifications .
Patient misidentification has been the leading cause of medical errors and medical malpractice , posing a serious risk to patient safety .
(Antonio , Putten & Gerald , n .d) Thirdly , monitoring of RFID tagged convicts in prison can prevent possible prison breaks .
In addition , using RFID to tag offenders that are serving their term in the community can help to enforce  home curfews . 
It is often argued that the implantation of RFID is a violation of privacy .
However in  cases like working in a dangerous environment , safely is prioritized over privacy violation .
Furthermore , the tags can be deactivated to prevent tracking if there's a need .
There are also worries over leaked confidential information through RFID tags .
However , the tags can be encrypted and cleared of information before being discarded .
Finally , there are health concerns over exposure to electromagnetic fields , EMF , from the usage of RFID .
But guidelines of recommended limits of EMF exposure have been adopted internationally to prevent any known negative health effects .
(The Council of the European Union , 1999)
In conclusion , tracking  people's movement using RFID technology should not be banned as its benefits heavily outweigh the downsides it might bring .
Advancements in technology have allowed the invention of new devices that have helped improve lifestyles and  helped bring  convenience into our lives .
Surveillance technology such as the Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) is one example .
It has made tracking people a simpler task .
Hence , it should not be banned due its benefits .
RFID is an essential tool used for tracking  people .
It can be used in various situations .
In hospitals , RFIDs serve as a means for tracking  patients as well as indentifying them .
Instead of having to go through long procedures , one's personal details , medical histories and other information can be obtained through the use of RFIDs .
This reduces time taken to track down these details and hence makes procedures simpler .
It also allows for the tracking of patients when they are lost .
This is especially the case for elderly people suffering from illnesses such as dementia who tend to lose their way .
Hospital staff and family members can thus easily track down the locations of their loved ones with the use of the RFID ({http://www .antonio-aguilar .com/files/papers/hisi_paper .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .antonio-aguilar .com/files/papers/hisi_paper .pdf] , 2009) .
RFIDs are also used in monitoring crimes and in keeping our society safe .
Through the use of RFIDs , escaped convicts can be easily traced .
Locations of ex-convicts can also be known so as to track their daily activities .
It also makes things easier for the police and government agencies to locate them should they engage in a crime .
Hence safety of  society is ensured .
Alternatively , RFIDs are a beneficial tool for convicts as it gives them a chance of entering society again .
This is because the police would be able to track the locations of the convicts and hence would be more willing to allow these convicts out of prison and into society .
(Banks , Hanny , Pachano & Thompson , 2007)
However , there are also downsides to the use of RFIDs .
The main issues concern privacy and health .
The use of such a tracking device would mean that the locations and actions of the person will always be known .
Hence the person might feel that he is always being watched and would not have the freedom to do whatever he wants .
Health is also a concern as the implants of RFID into the body might lead to complications and hence cause health problems .
Nonetheless , these problems can be solved with advancing technology .
Data protection technology has already been put in place to ensure that privacy of individuals is not compromised(http://www .rfidconsultation .eu/ ,2009) .
Restrictions can also be made to prevent leakages .
With regards to health concerns , precautionary measures can be put in place to ensure the safety of the human implants .
Operations can be carried out with extra care to reduce the risk of complications .
In conclusion , RFIDs should not be banned as it can benefit society widely in many ways .
Despite the disadvantages it may pose , these can be offset by appropriate actions put in place .
Hence , society should not totally shun away from the use of RFID to track people but put in place measures to overcome the problems so as to ensure its optimal use .
Today , Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology has been used almost worldwide .
Many countries are developing this technology with positive anticipation of its useful applications and benefits .
However , the use of RFID in tracking people has brought about a lot ofcontroversy .
Nevertheless , the use of RFID technologies to track people is essential in today's society as it is effective in locating people .
Therefore , the use of RFID to track people should not be banned .
In conclusion , we should not ban RFID technologies to track people as there are many benefits and because of its use as an effective measure to locate individuals during times of emergencies .
In recent years , the aging process has affected many countries as the life expectancy of people has increased .
This is due to countries becoming more affluent , and thus people  better living environment and are also more educated to be conscious of their health .
However , living longer also means the need to depend on others as aging will weaker a person physically and thus results in a person unable to contribute to the society .
In order to ease the aging process such that the elderly can live without being neglected and also in comfort , various policies have been implemented .
To a large extent , these have helped to ease the aging process through investing in healthcare for the elderly , giving financial aids to the elderly and also enhancing the psychological well being of the elderly .
Firstly , Governments are setting aside more funds for healthcare to meet the growing demand of the elderly .
In Singapore , $4 billion was committed over 5 years to expand the healthcare infrastructure which includes redevelopment of older hospitals and also building of 2 new hospitals(Government of Singapore , 2009) .
Healthcare professionals like nurses are also trained to be able to handle more complicated procedures as compared to the past (The straits times , 17 August 2009) .This provides quality healthcare for the elderly in a high standard of living environment .
It may be costly to implement these policies , but it is necessary as in future the aging population is projected to soar .
In Japan , it is expensive to create and own a nurse robot , but it is necessary as in future there will be lack of human resources to take care of the elderly(James Brooke , 5 March 2004) .
Such technology will allow the elderly to be self equipped to take care of themselves , which is vital in the current competitive society where their children will be overloaded with work to take care of them .
Secondly , the financial aids plan policy makers come up with  also manages to ease the aging process .
Governments help to reduce the burden of the elderly by subsidizing healthcare , giving financial aid and also forcing  people to save for retirement .
In Singapore , the elderly are entitled to a subsidy of 75 per cent of the fees charged at polyclinics and even free medical service for frail or disabled elderly(Government of Singapore , 2009) .
However , some may argue that the financial benefits may still be inadequate as the elderly may need long term medical treatment and take longer time to recover .
Also , the elderly may abuse the medical services when they are provided with financial aid .
Thus , to counter these problems there is also the Central Provident Fund (CPF) which consists of compulsory medical savings in Medisave , health insurance in MediShield and government aid in Medifund to make the people save for their own retirement(Government of Singapore , 2009) .
This will lighten the financial burden of the elderly , easing the aging process as they can retire with more security and less worry .
However , Critics of this position point out that there are also policies that have not helped to ease the aging process .
This is particularly the case for policies that aim to increase birth rate .
By increasing birth rate , there will be more productive population who can generate income to support the future aging population .
For example , the baby bonus scheme in Singapore has been ineffective as the birth rate remains at 1 .28 .
The attractive financial incentives like giving cash gift of up to $4 ,000 each for the 1st and 2nd child and $6 ,000 each for  a 3rd and 4th child and also providing  of 4 months have not been enough to make people want to have more children .
This can be due to the lifestyle of Singaporeans like having long working hours and high standard of living; thus , they prefer not to have any children .
As long as the government considers solutions to these issues like encouraging working from home , the policy may be more effective .
If these policies were successful , they will definitely ease the aging process .
In conclusion , current policies have helped to ease the aging process in many different areas .
In the coming years , more countries will also be facing this problem and thus different types of  policies should be explored to prepare for the future .
Reference List
The China Post news staff .
(April 19 , 2008) .
Retirement age to be raised to 65 .
The China Post .
Retrieved 16 September , 2009 , from {http://www .chinapost .com .tw/taiwan/national/national%20news/2008/04/19/152582/Retirement-age .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .chinapost .com .tw/taiwan/national/national%20news/2008/04/19/152582/Retirement-age .htm]
U .S . Department of Labor , Employment & Training Administration (ETA) (January 13 , 2009) .
Older Worker Initiative .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .doleta .gov/reports/dpld_older_worker .cfm#content}[HYPERLINK: http://www .doleta .gov/reports/dpld_older_worker .cfm]
U .S . Social Security Administration .
(April 1 , 2009) .
The Full Retirement Age is Increasing .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .ssa .gov/pubs/ageincrease .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .ssa .gov/pubs/ageincrease .htm]
Government of Singapore .
(February 10 , 2009) .
Budget 2009: Expenditure Overview .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .singaporebudget .gov .sg/expenditure_overview/moh .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .singaporebudget .gov .sg/expenditure_overview/moh .html] Salma Khalik .
(2009 , 17 August) .
Right health care at right place will help cut costs .
The Straits Times .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .pmo .gov .sg/News/Transcripts/Prime+Minister/Right+health+care+at+right+place+will+help+cut+costs .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .pmo .gov .sg/News/Transcripts/Prime+Minister/Right+health+care+at+right+place+will+help+cut+costs .htm] James Brooke .
(2004 , 5 March) .
Japan Seeks Robotic Help in Caring for the Aged .
The New York Times .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .nytimes .com/2004/03/05/international/asia/05JAPA .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .nytimes .com/2004/03/05/international/asia/05JAPA .html]
Government of Singapore .
(August 4 , 2009) .
Baby Bonus .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from https://www .babybonus .gov .sg/bbss/html/index .html
That there should be a limit on public spending on the aged so that money could be diverted to other areas of the country's development (Peterson , 2001) is a suggestion that should be implemented in order to combat the rising cost of healthcare for the elderly .
With the rapid growth of the elderly population , for example in a country like Singapore , where the median age is expected to hit 41 years old from the present 36 (Wijaya , 2009) , increasing public spending in healthcare could further strain the government's expenditure as more money needs to be poured in to cater to the growing numbers of elderly in the country .
There are several factors that explain the need to limit public spending on elderly healthcare .
Government needs to focus the spending on more important sectors first like economic development before worrying about healthcare for the elderly .
As Friedland and Summer (2005) suggested , with more economic growth , the country will be able to have more choices and more resources to invest into the elderly healthcare sector .
This move will be beneficiary in the long run as it does not only ensure that the country is progressing economically , it is also securing a brighter future for the healthcare sector as more money could be spent on it  .
In contrast , if the government decides to cut back spending on economic development and rather channel it into the elderly healthcare sector , tougher choices like tax increase have to be made in the future if the economic development is unable to sustain the rise in healthcare spending .
For example , assume that the government has 100 dollars and it has 2 choices of either investing it for 2 times the return or spending it on healthcare .
Assume that the government decides to invest all of the 100 dollars at first and gets 200 dollars in return .
The government can now choose to allocate some money on healthcare , invest the remaining money and as time goes by , not only the government will be earning more profits but the healthcare will be getting a bigger allocation .
However , should the government decide to spend all of the 100 dollars into healthcare , there will be no profits and the government will also suffer from a deficit .
Secondly , public spending on elderly healthcare should only be limited to the elderly who really need it to prevent abuse by other citizens .
If no limits are set , other citizens can abuse the system by using it indiscriminately  , denying the rights of healthcare to truly needy patients .
An example could be seen in the United Kingdom  , where healthcare is fully subsidized by the government .
People would go to the doctor for even the smallest discomfort , causing doctors to waste time on non critical care and forsaking those that need immediate attention (Messerli , 2009) .
This may in turn cause a clogging up of cases where there will be more patients waiting longer for their operation  , reducing the quality of the healthcare sector (Press Association , 2005) .
Besides encouraging abuse , increased spending in healthcare for the elderly will also cause an increase in taxpayers' money to subsidize the cost , placing a heavier burden on the people .
This could probably cause a public outcry as the current economic crisis has yet to fully subside and the government should instead focus on recovering the country's economy first .
Public spending on the elderly should therefore be limited to those with chronic conditions or need immediate attention who cannot afford the cost of healthcare to avoid abuse and increase of taxpayers' money .
Finally , the responsibility of taking care  the elderly should first rest on the children , not the government , if the elderly has any working child .
Some might argue that it is the government's duty to look after the welfare of its citizens , but if the government were to look after all of the elderly without the help of the children , it would certainly cost the government an enormous amount of time and money .
The government needs to first concentrate on more important matters regarding the country  , for example in issues regarding national safety , trade , education , international relations and defense , to ensure that the nation's interests are safeguarded and that the government does act as a nursery home for the old .
Public spending on elderly healthcare must not be raised to compensate for the failure of children to look after their parents .
Children should be taught the importance of filial piety since young to ensure that they do not abandon  their responsibility of taking care of their parents when they are old .
The government could also enact a law to compel children to support their parents if the children are capable and the parents are in need .
An example would be the Maintenance of Parents Act in Singapore , where parents could lawfully demand support from their children in court .
In conclusion , there are many reasons  why  public spending on elderly healthcare should be limited to allow governments to channel the money to other areas of development .
While healthcare for the elderly is still important ,  governments must ensure that other important areas will not get neglected as well .
Ageing population is a serious problem faced by many developed states .
It is mainly caused by the increased number of elderly and the drop in birth rate .
The ageing population is creating many social problems such as healthcare problems , high government expenses and high income taxes , which are causing stress for  young workers and the aged people .
Many states such as the US , the UK , Japan and Singapore start to implement various policies such as increasing child birth rate and introducing plans for the elderly and health care policies to ease the ageing process .
However , most of these policies tend to be ineffective in easing the ageing process because they either have their limitations or fail to solve the social problems behind the ageing process .
This essay is going to examine the limitations and the problems ignored by those current policies .
Health care policies in many developed countries ease the ageing process to a very limited extent , because they create social burden and fail to service minorities most of the time .
For example , the UK has tried to make the nation a welfare state , but this leaves heavy tax burden to the working class and creates low working incentive for the workers .
It shows that medical policies must be planned well to provide health care to people who really need it .
For example , Japan has introduced medical service which allows its citizens to save for their personal medical account so that they can use the money when they fall sick in their old age .
Similarly , Singapore has introduced the same kind of policies called Medi-save and Medi-shield .
However , these policies cannot help those people who have long term diseases because these diseases require a huge amount of money to cure .
Ironically , the World Health Organization has released a report in year 2006 which shows that the number of people who have long term diseases such as heart disease and cancer is increasing sharply .
The data also shows that stressful working life contributes to the poor health of the people .
Moreover , the minorities who and do not have proper job or income do not have a medical care account will not be taken care of by the health service .
They will have nothing to rely on when they fall sick .
Therefore , the health care policy in most developed countries should be improved to help those patients with long term diseases and those who are neglected .
The baby bonus policy also has its limitation in easing the ageing process through increasing the birth rate to support the elderly .
Today ,  two leading states  in the areas of slowing down the ageing population , Japan and Singapore ,  have implemented "Baby Bonus Policy" .
Basically , families that give birth to more than one child will get economic support from the government as they help ease the the ageing process .
This is because  many elderly couples only have one child to support them and this always puts a heavy burden on the child .
Hence , with more children , more economic support could be provided and the old parents could be taken care of better .
However , the "Baby Bonus Policy" does not work well although almost everyone is aware of its benefit .
For example , Singapore's birth rate is 1 .28 , which is the lowest in the world .
This is because firstly , the stressful social environment  forces couples to put their time and effort in their work , so that they are unable to spend time with each other .
Secondly , getting more salary through longer working hours makes life much easier than appealing for limited economic aids by having many children .
Thus , the government fails to notice the two root causes of the evil .
Therefore , baby bonus policy could not increase the birth rate effectively in easing ageing process .
The modern society today is imbued with modern values that lead to the ageing population , thus causing  some government policies to become ineffective in easing the ageing process .
Many states have introduced housing policies , which allow the young couples to live near their parents or which give priority in purchasing houses to those people who have married .
This allows the couples to take care of each other especially when they are old , or to take care of their parents when they are still young .
However , the states fail to realize that people's values towards family are changing today .
The family bonding in most western societies is very weak and the young generation does not really have a sense of filial piety in their minds .
Also , the stressful working market created by capitalism today is taking away so much time and effort from people that they do not havetime with their family , or even cannot think of having a family .
It creates a modern value that allows people of opposite sex to live together without having a family .
So , what if people do not get married ?
What if the idea of family vanishes ?
What if the young no longer care about their parents ?
If all these assumptions occur , the housing policy  will not be relevant at all .
Hence , besides housing policies , the governments should also raise the awareness of having strong family bonding .
In conclusion , most of the current policies in easing the ageing process have their limitations or are ineffective .
The fundamental problem is that the states fail to realize the underlying social problems which contribute to the stressful ageing process .
Hence , in order to ease the ageing process , the policies should be designed to solve the root problems of the evil rather than just focus on the surface of the problems .
Population aging , as stated in the introduction of the report World Population Aging: 1950-2050 (2002)  , is the process by which older individuals become a proportionally larger share of the total population .
It was at first experienced by the developed countries , but is now taking place around the globe .
Why is our world aging ?
This can be explained through two main factors .
Firstly ,  the elderly are leading longer lives .
A special report from Economist .com (2009) states that average life expectancy for the whole world was only 30 years during the 1990s , and that for the rich countries under 50 .
However , the figures have each increased to 67 and 78 , and the increase has no signs of stopping .
The next factor contributing to the aging phenomenon is the declining of birth rates as people tend to have fewer kids than in the previous years .
Therefore , as this phenomenon poses a certain threat to the development of a country , many governments have produced policies and initiatives to ease the aging process .
Nevertheless , the strategies taken do not seem to help ease the aging process .
Between the two significant contributing factors to this phenomenon , declining fertility is likely to hold primary responsibility for the aging global population .
As a result , new policies are now introduced to increase the birth rate .
For instance , the "Stop at two" policy that was once carried out in Singapore is now replaced by "Three , or more if you can afford it" policy , together with other incentives .
Despite these measures , the birth rate of Singapore has not increased significantly (Mui Teng Yap , 2003) .
The "Stop at two" policy had been so successful that couples in Singapore saw that they could have a better standard of living with a smaller family .
Educated women prefer to pursue their careers before getting married; thus , women have a sense of insecurity in losing their job when they have to take maternity leave or when they are about to give birth to their child .
Other than that , educated women do not just want to be successful in their careers , but they also want to be  a good mother .
Therefore , by having a small family , a woman may be able to be more attentive to each and every child , in terms of education , values , and overall well being , so that the children will be able to survive in the competitive world ahead of them .
As we grow older , our body turns weak and so , we tend to face difficulties in conducting normal activities in daily life .
The declining performance of the body limits the ability of the aged to care for themselves .
But , we are now living in a world surrounded by all sorts of advance technology .
It has improved our quality of life in many ways , especially in the field of medical science .
High awareness for healthcare among elderly people allows them to seek professional help such as undergoing kneecap replacement surgery to ease the pain of arthritics .
Their children are also willing to finance the medical bill as there are government policies to cover the spending .
For instance , in Malaysia by paying your parents medical bill , you are able to claim up to RM1000 .
This is a government policy to encourage filial piety .
However , this leads to an implication that the upper class and middle class people who are likely to have easier access to  information will take advantage of this policy .
This , in turn will create a misguided impression that medical fees of the elderly are high , resulting in the debate between the government and policy makers whether to limit healthcare spending on the aged or not .
Thus , the welfare of those who are really in need is also neglected .
Some may argue that the measure of increasing the retirement age should be able to reduce the negative effects of the aging population .
It is true that by letting the elderly people carry on working can increase manpower in labor markets and simultaneously  increase their savings to support themselves during old age .
However , are employers willing to do so ?
Employers tend to hire the inexperienced young people in order to save money .
It is also a common mindset that young people have a higher level of work productivity in contrast to the elderly people .
In some cases , employers have the notion that in order to employ the aged , the setting of the workplace might have to undergo some changes to accommodate to the needs of the elderly .
In short , life today is not similar to that in the past , and challenges lies ahead waiting for us to overcome .
The effects of the aging population may be exaggerated , but we should not lack foresight and neglect them .
Therefore , government and policy makers have to put more effort to ease the aging process as the elderly are still experiencing inadequate protection .
Singapore is currently a developed country .
Currently the investment in the resort worlds in both the Marina Bay and Sentosa will bring in more income to Singapore .
35000 new jobs will be created and expected to bring in an estimated 1 .5 billion annual boost for GDP in the country (May 27 , 2006 Newspaper) .
Hence money is still needed for the country's development in order to maintain its world class standard  .
Although money is important for the growth of Singapore , the current problem of the ageing population must still be addressed .
Citizens are the most valuable asset of a country .
In order for  Singapore to prosper , money is necessary to solve the problem of ageing population .
In order to encourage the elderly people's self-reliance , the government introduced central provident fund in 1955 .
It is a compulsory saving plan for the work force .
Every month both the employer and the employee contribute to the account .
This is to ensure that individuals will be able to take care of themselves when they grow old .
The money can also be used to pay for medical cost incurred  .
Despite the introduction of the central provident fund , the aged population feel that it is insufficient for them to retire .
Having better medical facilities and better standard of living , people live longer now .
In 2008 , the average life expectancy of Singaporeans has increased to 80 from 61 in 1957 (Mon , Apr 14 2008 News Straits Times) .
Hence funds are needed to prepare for the ageing population who live longer now .
Money is needed to encourage the elderly to work longer and pursue lifelong learning .
For example incentives are given to companies like MacDonald who employ retired workers .
Trainings are given at subsidized rate for workers to upgrade themselves and to remain competitive in the workforce .
Children are encouraged to take care of their parents .
For example , housing grants are given to encourage children to stay close to their parents .
The government has increased the housing grants from $30000 to $40000 (HDB Website) .
New condominium units are built with two units on each level to encourage children to stay with their parents .
Even though the government encourages children to take care of their parents , there are still cases where parents sue their children for not taking care of them .
Singapore government has passed the maintenance of parents act to make children look after their parents .
In cases where the elderly do not have any children or do not have any savings left , money is also needed to cater for their daily expenses , housing and medical expenses .
Over the last 50 years aging population was considered as a big problem that influenced western countries economic development .
However , during the next 50 years there will be a dramatic increase in aged and it is inevitable for Asian countries to face this challenge from now on .
To date , aging population whose age is above 5 comprise 14 percent of the world .
According to the survey done by United Nations , aging population in Asia is estimated to increase by 314 percent , from 207 million to 857 million in 2050 and among those sub regions East Asia will suffer most .
Japan is still the country with largest amount of and most rapidly growing aging population .
Both china and Singapore are anticipated to become the second right after Japan in 30 years and aged above 65 will make up 20 percent of the total population .
Moreover , the rate of birth kept falling down and family will have less adult children than they had in the past , which puts more burdens together with aging population to the government to deal with .
So it has been a controversial issue that whether government shall cut public spending on the aged and divert to other areas of economic development to secure stable productivity and GDP .
It looks aging population will become a worse problem if current low-level government spending is going to be cut further .
However , taking all the advantages and disadvantages of this policy from the angle of the future into account , there will be more effective ways to handle this challenge rather than directly or indirectly giving "fish" to the elderly , so it will be necessary for the government to limit public spending on the aged .
shouldthe policy of cutting government spending on the elderlytaking into accountseems thatdivert itshouldgovernmentsonfewera familyhas keptthose agedChinathe mostthe largestthe UnitedThere is not dispute that the average aghas beens climbing ucontinuously as it iaffectsle to prevent people from getting old , which is the most outstanding but only one part of the features of aging the agedlation .
It is more important to pay attention to other trends and characteristics of aging population in order to solve thi comprisesit in some other ways .
One of thno disputeactors that the aged may causes excessive burden on economic development is the less support to the fami .yIncreased life expectancy their adult children as a consequenceless birth rate and higher child bring-up fees .
For example , there has been a baby booming period between 1947 and 1949 in Japan but since 1949 the total fertilityate started to fall , from 4 .54 to 2 .04 per woman in less than 10 years and from 2 .14 to only 1 .29 nowadays .
The same kind of situation is also confronted by Singapore , china , Thailand , South Korean and other Asian countries .
On the other hand , the number of adult children who are willing to live with their parents fell instead of rising .
The proportion of Japanese elderly people living with their adult children fell from 80 percent in 1950 to 50 percent in 1990(Onawa and Rather 1997) , in south Korean from 78 percent in 1984 to 47 percent in 1994(Weinstein et al .1994) .
Thus it will be more essential for the government to emphasize the responsibility that adult children bear to support the family rather than directly give financial support to the aged , which will in turn lay more tax burdens on the working group .
In other words , making the adult children actively support their parents will be better than passively pay tax .
In some relatively politically stable regions like Singapore , it is good for the government to enact the laws for the adult children to provide family support .
asking them to passively pay higher taxIn addition to getting support from adult chiput it is identically important to give more employment opportunito the elderlyff the mandatory  (etirement ages for the elderllowerhich is also a good method tocare costsid productivity downtwaseople tend to live longer than before .
Similar to the problem of adult children , although the has startedof aging pfull time or part time tends also occursninic and sociaChinanges that less empKorea want to hire old labor - from 38 percent of the population 65 and above in 1950 to 25 percent in 2000 and 22 percent ihas fallen01rom United Nations .
This opposite direction of number of aged and working group affects the economic productivity to a great ex (ent .
So the government's taSouth Koreae more policies concerning both the mandatory retirement age and employers' restriction .
For instance , hiring the elderly as part-time worker may be a good choice for both should bear and employers so as to enable the elderly to earn more as well as enhance productivity .
This is also a good way to let the aging populpopulation take , if nwordl , part of the public spending by themselves .
This method is basically to set uptoday'sto encouragefromcollectedits governmentproblemsa payin China , where the demographic structure is mainly made up of low-income working class ,the PhilippinesPhilippines ,Inpolicy .the governmentsthe agedthe shortgovernmentsplacingApart from the methods mentioned above , there are more and more effective methods to be come up with to handle aging population instead of direct public spending on the aged .
The elderly itackle the problem of aging populationociety that cannot be ignored and the best way to keep a sustainable economic development as well as give them a beautiful autumn is to set up a systematic methodology rather than focus onschemesingle policy .
The government has also upgraded infrastructure to help ease the aging process .
Upgraded infrastructure helps the mobilization of the elderly .
The Housing and Development Board has been building more studio apartments to accommodate senior citizens (Lee , 2009) .
New lifts have been installed in every floor of apartments and flats .
The bus system is also improved by making buses wheelchair accesible .The trains in Singapore are already wheelchair accessible .
The government has also gone beyond transportation and housing to help ease the aging process by providing neighbourhoods with decent public toilets and green spaces which enable the elderly to lead an active lifestyle .
In conclusion , most of the policies and steps taken by the government have helped ease the aging process to a large extent .
In the areas of healthcare and financial security the government has been constantly upgrading and implementing new strategies to help ease the aging process .
Hence the measures taken by the government are effective ones and they have helped the elderly age comfortably .
Ageing is an inevitable part of life and it is often not easy at all to deal with the difficulties that old age brings .
However , with the world noticing the shift in its demographics to a more aged society , things are becoming more accommodating for the elderly .
Indeed , developments like companies becoming more inclined to hire older workers , government policies giving the elderly more protection , and medical policies being designed to ensure the affordability of health care have helped make ageing much easier .
Ever since the "Silver Tsunami" swept our regions , there has been much debate with regards to public spending on the aged .
Some feel that giving our full support to the elderly is of the utmost importance while others suggest limiting expenditure on the aged , being conscious of  concerns from other sectors of the country such as economic growth and sustainability .
I agree with the latter; those concerns are very real , and if left unattended , can pose a serious threat to the country's development .
Though I feel that public spending on the aged should be limited , it should be done flexibly and contextually .
The seniors have in the past , contributed to our society as well and it would be our immediate moral obligation to support them .
Suffice to say , this must be done prudently lest we should neglect the well being of other sectors in the process .
In this essay , we will be addressing these dilemmas and attempt to propose several possibilities as well as solutions that come with the various alternatives .
Limiting public expenditure is something which  governments must consider seriously .
From a pragmatic standpoint , a majority of the elderly are unable to contribute to economic growth due to deteriorating health conditions which come naturally with aging .
Some common conditions such as rheumatism , failing eyesight and hearing , dementia , Parkinson's disease ,  may render them unfit for work .
Not only are the elderly hindering a country's economic growth , they are depleting it at an alarming rate as well .
Member of Parliament Paulin Tay-Straughan said that " . . .spiraling healthcare costs could potentially be a major strain on the Singapore government's resources .
If [individuals] don't have adequate coverage , there will be a tremendous strain on subsidized care which will drain revenues from the state .
"[1]Suffice to say , limiting public spending on the elderly must be considered in order to maintain a sustainable economy .
Another reason why public spending on the elderly should be limited is  that the funds could be diverted into other sectors of the country's development .
Experts predict a financial toll in the near future , stating , "East Asia may experience widespread capital shortages as funds are diverted from financing productive investments in Hong Kong and Singapore to financing pension deficits in Berlin and Washington .
"[2] By diverting the funds into sectors such as foreign investments , it would enable us to provide for the elderly even more sufficiently with the extra capital .
Even if we have enough capital for elderly spending , recent surges of new pandemics such as the H1N1 virus , call for more funding into the medical field .
Not to mention there are others like the needy who need financial aid as well .
However , limiting public spending on the seniors should be done flexibly and contextually .
Limiting public spending does not mean depriving them of support , but it means providing what's necessary .
Certain categories fall into the gaps in the system and are left dry and powerless , even without the basic needs .
An example could be seen in the following article which writes "Isn't the HDB's policies self-contradictory , when it's income ceiling policy 'forces' the lower-income to buy larger flats than they can afford . . . HDB's income eligibility requires a household earning more than $ 2 ,000 a month to buy a flat that is bigger than a two-room flat . . . a household earning just over $ 3 ,000 , is also not eligible to buy a three-room flat , and have to buy a four-room flat .
"[3] This example is one that stresses flexibility .
It doesn't necessarily mean that when one has some money , he/she doesn't need help .
Spending on the aged should also be contextualized accordingly in economic situations , such as the recent economic crisis where employers are extremely selective , making jobs all the more scarce for the elderly .
Clearly , it can be seen that though limiting public spending on the elderly might produce certain immediate difficulties , it will ease the process inevitably in the long run .
It is important that for us to maintain economic stability , we should keep our sights focused on a more macro scale .
However , the application of flexibility and context is most crucial as there are indeed too many factors and variables for the system to account for; thus , it is better that humans master the system instead of the other way around .
-----------------------
[1] Wijaya , Megawati .
(2009 , 27 August) .
Singapore Faces 'Silver Tsunami' , Asia Times .
Retrieved 15 September ,2009 from http://yoursdp .org/index .php/news/singapore/2733-singapore-faces-silver- tsunami
[2] State of Families in Singapore , Well Being of Elderly in Singapore .
Retrieved September 15 ,2009 from http://fcd .ecitizen .gov .sg/NR/rdonlyres/89400A6C-8621-4882-A238- 01D9067C86DB/0/Chpt7 .pdf
[3] Leong , S .H .
(2008 , October 9) .
The Online Citizen: A Community of Singaporeans .
HDB Means Testing ? .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 from http://theonlinecitizen .com/2008/10/hdb-means-testing/
One of the policies introduced by the government in tackling the aging population is the Baby Bonus Scheme .
However , despite being implemented for several years , the scheme has yet to produce satisfying results .
This is because many young Singaporeans are now leading a different lifestyle and adopting different ideologies about the concept of marriage and family .
For example , some of them do not see the need of having babies and view having children as a potential source of problem to their ever-stressful life .
Also , many feel that the scheme is not attractive enough to offset the cost of having more babies .
With the relentless rising cost of living and competition , Singaporeans now have to work harder just to meet the ends .
Thus , many are put off by the idea of having more children due to the accompanying life-time commitment of raising a child .
Therefore , due to these worries , many couples are not responding to the scheme despite the continuous efforts made by the government .
To lengthen working lifespan , the government introduced policies to reduce elder dependency by raising eligibility age for public pensions and government incentives .
However , depending entirely on legislation will not bring about substantial improvements in boosting employment prospects for the "silver population" .
For example , the employment rate for workers aged 55-64 was only 57% in 2008 , a slow increase from 38% in 1991 .
For those aged 65-69 , the employment rate was merely 27 .5% .
Thus , even if the legal retirement age was raised , it has clearly produced limited results .
The main reason is that even if older workers want to work , the deciding factor still lies with the employers .
In fact , stipulating higher retirement age can have an adverse effect .
Employers now think twice before employing or retaining older workers due to the potential higher liability and costs such as retraining programs and insurance benefits .
As a result , employers tend to shut their doors to older workers .
In line with the above efforts to tackle the problem of the graying population , the government introduced the Parents' Maintenance Act in 1996 to impose on filial piety .
However , the government cannot simply legislate filial piety .
Law alone cannot be used to solve the problems that cause some children to abandon their parents .
In fact , the Act is likely to cause even more distress among children who are already overly burdened with the ever rising cost of living in Singapore .
Family ties may be further strained since the children are not taking care of their parents willingly .
Also , the government will be seen as shirking its responsibility towards the elderly citizens by pushing the load of parental care to their children .
Taking it from the parents' perspective , some of them may not even consider the act of being abandoned by their children  a shameful matter .
These parents may want to protect their family's name and want their children to take care of them out of gratitude instead of legal obligations .
Therefore , while it seems that the Act is based on well intentions , it is certainly not the solution to the root of the parents' maintenance problem .
Clearly , the rise of the aging population brings about complex and multi- faceted challenges to the whole of society .
The government should first understand and address the changing mindset and values of today's society towards problems created by the fast aging population before implementing the policies .
Merely depending on legislation will not help to improve the attitudes of the society towards the elderly significantly .
Instead , this will bring about further resentment and result in a strain of relationship between the young and the old .
In all , moving beyond the law to enhance the perceptions of the elderly is a more practical way to increase the ability and willingness of the society to coordinate with the government in tackling the "grey tsunami" .
With the growing population and various problems that the present government face today , the governments are finding it tedious to balance the budget to ensure that all areas of development are being met .
No country or state is able to provide unlimited funding to the providence of the aged .
Besides this , there are also other areas of the country which require more monetary spending to ensure the future of the country such as Education and Research and Development (R&D) .
However , public spending on the aged should not take a backseat .
There should be a sum of money which is set aside for the welfare of the aged .
After all , they were once a pillar of the country and helped to perpetuate growth of the country economically .
Basically , from the moral viewpoint , regardless of race or religion , filial piety is an important moral value that should be inculcated into us .
By having the government to set the standard of caring for the elderly , the public should also share the economic burden of caring for the aged .
Thus , the society should be magnanimous in spending in areas of healthcare or recreational programs .
For example , pumping money into R&D of illnesses like dementia , osteoporosis and Parkinson's disease will benefit the aged because these illnesses are more apparent as people grow old .
This prepares the medical sector to handle these illnesses .
The government could also conduct recreational programs such as medical talks on the possible health problems that could arise in the aged .
This will help the elderly to understand the causes and effects of these health problems which encourage them to adopt a healthy lifestyle that reduces the risks of contracting these illnesses .
Therefore , we should spend on the aged .
However , economic benefits will be minimal if the state decides to be a welfare state and compromises the economic development of the country .
Suppose a country were to provide full support to the elderly , other developments like education and public housing would be costly .
People will be discouraged to study and will be in a state of chaos as the standard of living is too high for people to cope .
Even though this policy largely benefits the elderly , the rest of the society will suffer .
If no money were diverted into education , the country will suffer economically as there will be insufficient "intelligent" resource to promote economic growth .
When there are few to sustain the high cost of maintaining the aged , the aged will eventually suffer .
It will be like a vicious cycle .
The situation will be made worse if the country faces declining birth rate such as Singapore .
There are lesser young people to support the aged .
This increases economic burden for them .
Therefore , unlimited spending on the aged would be clearly unthinkable .
It will be more realistic if a calculated amount of spending is being distributed to the aged .
Areas like education and R&D help to fuel the economy .
These two areas are considered to play key roles in the growth of a nation .
For example , in countries like Singapore where there is a lack of natural resources , with only human resource , it is important for most Singaporeans to be educated .
Having received education increases the probability of one being employed which helps to promote economical growth .
With economical growth , the standard of living will also increase for people living in Singapore .
Furthermore , Singapore depends largely on international trade for growth .
Exports in Singapore comprise of over 130% of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) ever since mid 1980s .
The main products being export out of Singapore are integrated circuits , computer parts and accessories .
Since export plays a significant role in contributing to the GDP of Singapore , a vast amount of finance should be diverted to R&D .
Therefore , by providing education and investment into R&D help generate capital for the country .
Economic growth leads to an increase in standard of living which benefits the whole society including the aged .
A budget should be set for the public spending on the aged .
In fact , the governments should adopt and develop appropriate systems and programs customized with respect to their cultural , economic and social context .
Furthermore , it is beneficial for governments to exchange pointers and assist one another in coping with the effects of greying population .
This help to ensure that majority will age with security .
Keeping the aged in mind , we must never neglect the future generations since they will be the ones who will support the nation .
Therefore , we should first cater the needs of the younger ones .
Public spending on the aged should be limited as there are other areas that are of equal , or even greater , importance .
A substantial amount is spent on the elderly annually , and this sum of money can be put to other uses .
Maintaining and sustaining a country is not just about looking after the aged , but also about developing growing sectors of our nation .
Although it is essential for the government to spend on the graying population , there are ways to minimize this spending , and this amount can then be used on other areas of the country's growth and development , such as maintaining our country's defense and improving the education system .
Furthermore , lengthening the working lifespan of our citizens might be another viable solution in dealing with an aging population .
This is , however , hard to achieve in our present day society as employers , given a choice , tend to avoid hiring the elderly as they are thought to be less productive when compared to younger workers .
Therefore , there should be some government intervention with regards to employment of the elderly , as this will assist them in securing a place in the workforce .
Not only does it benefit the government as spending on the aged can be reduced , it also benefits them both economically and socially .
Longer working years will allow the elderly to accumulate more wealth for future use in times of need .
With this accumulated wealth , they will then be able to meet their basic needs and be less dependent on the government when they retire from the workforce .
Furthermore , working can help to decrease boredom in retirement , as time will then be spent engaging in productive activities at work , and not be whiled away doing nothing .
These benefits of longer working lifespan can be made possible if employers are willing to hire the aged , who can then be self-sufficient with minimum , or no , help from the government .
The benefits of limiting public spending on the elderly is seen when this amount of money can be channeled to other areas of our country's development .
One such area is defense , which is exceptionally important to an island country like ours .
We have to be prepared against terrorism and external attacks by other countries , at all times .
Apart from defense , the government needs to invest in our country's development as well , and this includes improvements in our education system .
This will then ensure that our future generations will learn more and benefit from it , and it is of great importance as they are the future pillars of our society , who will lead our country to greater heights in order to be a successful and progressive nation .
There are clearly many areas that the government has to spend on annually , and the graying population is one of it .
However , other areas should not be neglected , as our nation's growth and development are of vital importance as well .
Many ways are , indeed , present to help limit public spending on the aged .
The goal of limiting public spending on the aged will be made possible if the proposed measures are strongly enforced , and high cooperation among citizens of our society will help to deal with this issue too .
It is well-known that people's life expectancy is increasing , leading to the pressure of expenditures on the elderly who are considered to be weak and non-productive .
However , what we do not know or are still confused about is an effective way to both take care of the aged and enhance the development of other fields .
It is a matter of money usage .
There is a suggestion that  governments should limit  expenditures on the aged so that they will have money to spend on other areas to develop the countries .
To some extent , I agree with this statement but it should be clarified at some points .
The first point needed to be clarified is how limited  government funding on the elderly should be and what will happen if the expenditures are below an acceptable level .
-----------------------
[1] "Because capital is a produced factor of production , a society can change the amount of capital it has .
If today the economy produces a large quantity of new capital goods , then tomorrow it will have a larger stock of capital and be able to produce more of all types of goods and services .
Thus , one way to raise future productivity is to invest more current resources in the production of capital ."
(Mankiw  , N . Gregory & Taylo , Mark P . r .
(Eds .) .
(2006) .
Economics .
Cengage Learning)
With fast-aging population and the restricted national budgets which do not allow spending generously on the elderly , this limit should be maintained at an acceptable level which ensures that the basic needs of the aged such as food , clothing , housing , transportation and healthcare are met .
However , in some nations , especially developing countries , in order to meet the need of investing  in other areas to push the countries forward , the governments cut down the basic expenditures on the aged .
Is it a wise choice ?
Cutting down the fiscal costs on the aging population to support other areas does not mean that those areas will receive all the benefits .
Imagine a situation in which without sufficient support from the government , the aged become a burden to their families . .
In that case , if the fiscal costs on the aged are cut down to spend more on the young generation , it can lead to the result that the money aimed to support one target in a family -  the young - will be shared to partly meet the demands of both the elderly and the young .
In other words , the purposes of investing in other areas of development by using money saved from the fiscalcosts on the aged cannot be fully fulfilled .
In developing countries , decreasing the basic expenditures on the aged can lead to a worse situation .
The aged in these nations , especially in rural areas , do not merely need money to lead the rest of their lives , but also need money raise their children or grandchildren .
They share with their younger generations their limited monthly retirement pensions or allowances to cover all the costs of living , but usually , they would run out of money before the pensions/allowances of the next month come to their hands .
Living in poverty , the younger generations grow up with poor opportunities to accumulate wealth to support themselves , let alone supporting their next generations when they become old .
And sadly , the circle of poverty goes on .
The second point needed to be clarified is in which areas the money saved from maintaining the fiscal costs on the aged at the satisfactory level should be invested and how to make use of the money earned from these investments to benefit the aged .
One of the productive areas to invest in is economy[1] since economic development helps to raise the national budgets and thus raise the public expenditures on the elderly .
Money earned from investments in economy should be partly used to support the aged not only to lessen the burden on the families and to alleviate  poverty from generations to generations , but also to ease the elderly's lives .
The increasing size of the economy could be relatively limited , but spending more on the aged does allow the government to have more choices to take care of the aged in a better way .
In other words , what the government should do is not merely promoting  economic growth but also taking action to link each increasing level of economic growth with a correspondingly higher level of the quality of life for the elderly .
In conclusion , limiting  fiscal costs on the aged without thorough considerations could lead to unexpected results which directly affect the elderly themselves and their families , as well as indirectly impact on the society and the country's development .
In cutting down the spending on the aged ,  governments must ensure that the basic needs of the aged are still satisfied and the money saved from fiscal restraint should be efficiently invested to be partially plowed back into the elderly .
The gap between theory and practice could be hard to close .
However , the way of taking action will be easier if the plan is well prepared .
In addition , governments should put more effort into and invest on those areas that are productive .
This will help  the country's economic growth .
For example , Singapore's casino-resort project will bring many employment opportunities and it is estimated that there will be very high returns in the future for both Singapore as well as the investors of this project . .
Thus the income of citizens will rise and  lead to increased savings .
Citizens will have an easier life after their retirement .
This will reduce their reliance on others like the government and their families .
On the part of the government , they will be able to develop medical technology and provide more medical schemes to help the aged .
Furthermore , the rate of poverty will be lower .
People would be able to afford to look after their elderly .
Clearly any further expansion of financial schemes on the elderly will only impoverish future generations and limit future public spending .
Spending on elderly , especially healthcare , can continue indefinitely because of the continuous introduction of new technologies and treatments that are beneficial but expensive .
Governments and policy makers have to decide  what is essential and should be supported by the public sector .
In brief , leaders in governments must  and implement practical measures to cope with the problems of a fast aging population .
Education plays a very important role in a nation's development , as it is the most basic platform for a society to learn and improve .
The government should allocate more funds to  building a higher education system , which will lead to more educated and productive future generations .
As the future generations will be more educated and productive , they will be able to contribute more to the economy and this , in turn , should get them a higher income .
A higher income will allow the younger generation to support themselves better and therefore provide for their own parents , so that the government can spend less on caring for the old .
Another outcome of better education standards is that both the younger and older generations will better understand what could happen to them when they grow old .
This means both the younger and older generations will be able to better plan for their old age and the problems that come with it , for example , deteriorating health .
To stay healthy , they can exercise more and have a good diet .
This makes lower health subsidies from the government possible as more people know how to stay healthy .
Other than concentrating on better education , the government can also build on better communication and transportation infrastructure which will then attract more investors and foreign talent to Singapore .
With an improvement in education standards , more students will pursue their studies in Singapore , creating a chance to convert these visiting students into local citizens  , which will in turn increase the tax base for the future .
And with a better communication and transportation infrastructure , Singapore will be a place where global companies will start investing and opening branches or offices .
This will then increase job opportunities for the people and also the country's income .
Both the above improvements will boost Singapore's income , allowing the government to use more money to address various national issues , be they economic development or social problems , such as an aging society .
While the idea of improving education to ease the aging problem in the future is workable , there may still be a problem of individuals who will not be able to  .
In a society , there will always be different people with different backgrounds , for example , the rich and educated versus the poor and illiterate .
But the illiterate will not stay illiterate always; if they put an effort to improve and are given a chance for good education , they can still develop into a group of productive Singaporeans .
This makes the 'unproductive Singaporeans' , who cannot take care of their elderly , a minority group of the whole society , therefore , subsidies for such families to take care of the elderly will still be minimal .
By allocating more funds to education and infrastructure , governments can ensure effective development in the country , thereby increasing the standard of living .
This will also lead to a society with more educated and self-sufficient families , where minimal subsidies are needed to help a minority of the population , thereby limiting spending on the problem of the aged or an aging population .
We all know that the elderly have devoted all their intelligence , knowledge and strength to our society  .
So should we abandon these people when they are not as strong and perspicacious as they were before ?
Basically , it is the moral responsibility of our society to do  its best to support the elderly even at the expense of other areas of the country's development .
There is no denying the fact that each country has a limited  budget , so it can not afford to spend too much on the elderly because it also has to spend on other areas of the country's development .
For example , there are also many other needy people like orphans , the disabled or unemployed that want to be subsidized by the government .
They are all feeble and vulnerable people .
It is very hard for them to earn enough money for themselves .
The fact is they cannot compete with others  .
Therefore , it would be a huge financial burden for their relatives to support them .
Unless the government spends more money to support them and create more job opportunities for them , they will be left to fend for themselves and  .
However , we should consider who should be given priority and who deserves a share of the national budget the most .
The elderly usually do not have enough strength to do manual labor whereas mental work requires perspicacity and concentration  , areas in which they cannot compete with  younger candidates .
For example , in Singapore , I have seen that almost all cleaners are the elderly .
Nevertheless , they do not look strong enough to do such manual work , but they still have to do it , to earn  their own living .
Obviously , old people have fewer chances to work for their own living compared with other needy people who still have physically healthyphysicallybodies .
What is more , the elderly should be respected and  for their contributions in the days of their youth .
What we have today is partially an inheritance from previous generations .
The elderly were once hard working not only in raising their children but also in devoting their strength and intelligence for a better society like the one we have today .
Now when they are old , they cannot continue to do productive work , so it is our society's responsibility to support them .
Although there is a limit to the national budget and the government has to balance spending in different areas for the country's development , subsidy for the elderly should not be cut .
If each person has a sense of responsibility towards increasing the size of today's economy and tax base , then it will not be a big problem for us to spend more money on the aged .
The Ease Of The Aging Process : Through Research & Development and Government Policies
Nowadays , nobody can deny that an aging population is becoming one of the most serious problems to developed countries , including Singapore .
Recent research studies have shown that the proportion of the country's residents aged 65 and above can reach the rate of 18 .7% in the next 20 years .
Population aging has become a cause of concern in the realm of finance to the government .
It seems inevitable that we must spend more on the aged .
But what are we getting for all that money ?
Should we limit  public spending on the aged so that the money can be diverted to  areas of the country's development ?
Answers to these questions are not easy to find .
However , in my opinion ,  public spending could be more productive if the government knows how to control the money spent on the aged and also how to invest in other areas of development .
Among several areas of public spending on the aged , such as medical subsidies , public infrastructure , pension schemes , and financial aids , healthcare must be considered the most important area .
As  healthcare costs are now getting more and more expensive ,  it becomes harder and harder for poor , old people to fulfill their payment for their medical bills .
Based on this situation , some claim that the government should automatically spend more  on the aged , who deserve to be helped .
However , the national budget will come under pressure when growing numbers of elderly persons are supported by relatively fewer young persons , which leads to the question  , "Can we really afford so much health care for an aging population , or are we heading toward a healthcare crisis in the near future ?"
Once again , the answer is not easy to find .
Nevertheless , the budget for healthcare is not infinite , so the government and policy makers must decide to which extent they willsubsidize the healthcare cost of an individual , and this would probably depend on his own financial capacity .
The government needs to know how to set limits on the healthcare budget for the elderly .
The second reason is that public spending is not the only solution to the problem of population aging .
Researchers and policy makers have made a lot of suggestions and developed a lot of strategies to help buffet the negative impact of an aging population on our society .
Some of these include encouraging later retirement ,  , encouraging the elderly and their families to take more responsibility for their health , etc .
Therefore , instead of spending too much money on the aged , the government can think about realizing some of these  policies , or or developing  policies to solve the problem .
Last but not least , Singapore must spend money on a large number of other essential areas of development , such as education , infrastructure , defense , investmentsand so on These areas of development are  the key  that a country needs in order to become a developed one .
Without a good education system , there will not be a well-educated intellectual generation for the country .
Without good infrastructure , there will not be sufficient facilities for the country  .
Without a good defense system , people will live in the danger of terrorism as well as of being invaded by enemy nations .
Therefore , these areas of development must be well invested in .
Moreover , when all of these areas are developed enough to fulfill  , the living standard of Singaporeans will increase .
Consequently , , the aged will receive more help and budget from the society , and they may even earn more money to support themselves too .
In conclusion , Singapore , as well as many European and North American countries , is facing the problem of an aging population .
If we do not put enough effort to solve the problem right now , it will be a problematic issue in the future .
As the problem is controversial and there are a lot of different opinions surrounding it , the government and the policy makers must know how to make the right decision to come up with the best solution for the country .
The most essential thing is to think out of the box .
We  need to consider  many factors that affect our decision , such as whether we have enough money to afford all the healthcare cost , or whether there are any other areas of the nation's development that really need our investment .
Therefore , setting limits on the public spending on the aged , I think , is a much better and wiser choice .
Demographic changes have recently caused many controversial issues .
Among these , the increasing number of aged people as well as the decrease in fertility rate as a new way of living is  a challenge that the world has to face in the next decade .
, especially in developed countries like Germany or Japan , where the aged population will make up a large proportion of the population soon .
, the elderly is receiving more and more support from the government , which is a strategy in social welfare development .
Ironically , these policies not only bring benefits for the old people but also partly have a negative impact upon the socioeconomic development of the country .
In other words , the public expenditures on the aged have created barriers which limit the improvement of other fields .
Therefore , this spending should be reconsidered carefully to avoid financial shortage in other areas of the country's development .
As part of the effort to enhance  social welfare , a lot of schemes have been adopted and operated in recent years for the sake of the elderly population .
Truthfully , these policies are significantly beneficial to senior citizens especially with respect to health , a problem induced by the physical aging process .
Some intermediate and long-term care facilities like community hospitals , services like home medical and home nursing services , and aid like public subsidies in Singapore are perhaps good examples of support from the government .
Some statistics have showed that the government expenditure on community development , youth and sports went up by about 57% from 2005 to 2008 while that on health rose dramatically by 128%(1) .
In reality , theschemes below certainly accounted for not a small percentage of the increased public spending .
This growth in number of projects put heavier pressure on the government budget , which consequently created an imbalance in theexpenditurefor different domains .
This spending , furthermore , is likely to increase more and more in the next few .
Also , it is not all the government's duties to take care of the elderly .
Firstly , at the personal level , the aged have to be responsible for themselves .
When individuals are still at the working age , they should provide in advance for their life after retirement .
Saving and investing more of their income , for instance , are some ways to prepare for their old age .
Secondly , at the social level , it is  the filial obligation of  children to take care of their parents when they grow old .
This will obviously help to reduce the expenditure by sharing  between the government and its citizens .
The most important reason why the government should limit spending on senior citizens is that it will constrain other sectors from taking advantage of the government budget .
Once the support for the elderly takes up too much of the budget , then other sectors of society cannot receive adequate financial assistance .
Take education for example .
Compared with the rise in expenditure for health , community development , youth and sports as mentioned below ,  government investment in  strategic sectors like education in Singapore between 2005 and 2008  decreased from 994 to 856 million dollars (nearly 14%)(2) .
In addition , there are other sectors such as industry ,  transportationand information technology which also play an important role in building a solid infrastructure for the nation's development and which thus require proper concern from officials .
However , with a limited budget , the government is not capable of covering all expenses .
To a certain extent , restriction on  is reasonable and necessary so that  can be used to expand many other crucial areas .
This will contribute more to the progress of the society than  .
In short , the government and policy makers should come to a reasonable decision on all projects .
In the face of a limited budget ,  public spending ,  should give priority to necessary schemes and identify which cost can be reduced in order to  .
Clearly , the government can cut down on excessive support for the elderly because there are many other ways  .
In this way , the money saved can be used to implement more urgent and practical policies that also contribute to the nation's strength and potential .
*  , (2) Statistics Singapore .
Theme on Public Finance .
Government Development Expenditure .
Retrieved from August 13 , 2009 from {http://www .singstat .gov .sg/stats/themes/economy/pubfin .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .singstat .gov .sg/stats/themes/economy/pubfin .html]
According to the United Nations , 1 in every 5 persons throughout the world would be aged 60 years or older by the year 2050 .
In the more developed regions , the number of persons aged over 60 would increase by 70% from 231 million in 2000 to395 million in 2050 .
These alarming statistics would bring about economic and societal problems to many developed countries .
One of problems is that the government might need to channel more revenue to meet the demands of the elderly group .
In the long run , this can lead to shrinkage in the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of the country or even affect the other sectors of development .
To prevent such situations from happening , different governments of the developed nations have come up with policies to confront the challenges of an aging population .
However , these social policies that have been implemented are not effective in easing the aging process as they do not fully cater to the demands of their targeted group .
Firstly , the means-testing policy fails to protect every citizen that requires public funding in practical realities .
In the context of Singapore , the means-testing system carried out in nursing homes assesses the financial status of the entire family .
Under this system , if the family has a high income level , the government would provide lower subsidies to the patient .
However , this is not a fair assessment because there are elderly patients that have been abandoned by their children .
The elderly patient would not be able to afford the bills .
The flaws in the execution of the mean-testing system do not only occur in Singapore .
In Australia , even though the means-testing system is deemed as an important way to help the government to redistribute the money to those who are in need , it fails to protect all the elderly .
This is because some of them might find means testing humiliating as it forces people to declare themselves to be in poverty .
These examples go to show that the means-testing policy has not fully catered to the demands of its targeted group .
Secondly , population growth policies do not meet the demands of married couples .
In view of the graying population , many developed nations have come up with policies to encourage childbirth .
In the case of Japan , the government introduced its Tokyo Plus One Policy to attract married couples to give birth to more babies .
The policy included measures such as increasing the number of nurseries and making new changes in the child welfare law .
Despite the government's effort in promoting childbirth , the total fertility rate of Japan remains low .
In addition , there are many considerations that married couples have when it comes to childbirth .
One of these considerations for couples is the need to strike a balance between family and work life when a new member is added to their family .
These obstacles show that population growth policies are not effective in meeting the demands of married couples .
Lastly , the policy to raise the retirement age in developed nations does not serve as a long-term solution in meeting the needs of the elderly well .
In Singapore , the government intends to raise the retirement age of the working group to 62 so that the elderly can continue to support themselves financially .
However , it is undeniable that age discrimination is still evident in work places .
An employer would prefer to hire a young adult as compared to an elderly as the former can contribute to the company for a longer period of time .
Some might argue that even though the elderly cannot compete with the younger generation for jobs , the government does organize job fairs to help the elderly seek jobs .
However , although these job fairs provide more working opportunities for the elderly , the success of such job fairs is largely dependent on the receptiveness of the elderly's expectations of the scope of the new job .
Furthermore , there should be a maximum cap to the increment on retirement age as we also need to consider the physical capabilities of the elderly .
All these obstacles show that raising the retirement age does not address  the concerns of the elderly .
Therefore , it is clear that social policies do not always meet the needs of the groups they seek to cater to .
No matter how well a social policy is constructed , there are still loopholes that are often overlooked by policy-makers .
This shows that much more can be done to improve the different kinds of policies .
Furthermore , it is important to note that social policies should be flexible so that they can make suitable changes to meet the demands of the society at different points in time .
Once the demands are met , the route to easing an aging population would be much more smooth-sailing than it is being thought .
It is common to see a society aging with the elderly population rising rapidly in  recent years .
Although the society has a moral obligation to do all that it can to help the elderly , there are still limits to the budget the government can allocate to help the aged .
When there are limited resources , scarcity is unavoidable which leads to a situation where not everyone will benefit and there will be those who are in need who will be left out .
When policies are constrained by a budget  .
To minimize or eliminate the occurrence of this phenomenon there should not be a limit to government spending on the elderly .
One of the examples is the government plan to extend the working lifespan of the elderly .
However , this is not a practicable and long-term solution to the problem .
Firstly , to what limit should the government delay their retirement ?
A year or two or more ?
With every year that by , they face the limitations of their physical and mental strength .
loss in sight , hearing and mobilityas well as the development of are very common .
They also have to face the fact that they are unable to keep up with the workload they used to handle in their younger days even if they want to .
Although delaying retirement can help the elderly to accumulate some wealth , reality speaks differently when it comes to elderly people .
No matter how experienced or skilled an elderly person is , he or she will always be at a disadvantage  compared to those who are younger , more energetic and most importantly , more productive than them .
Therefore , spending on the elderly should not be limited in order to better them .
Besides that , what  the Singapore government did was introduce the Baby Bonus scheme to the public with the objective of encouraging the public to have more children .
This is important , as having more youths will increase the productivity of the country as well as spread the cost of development over a large population .
However , this scheme has not worked as well as predicted even though the government has put efforts into promoting it .
The scheme netted only a gain of 129 citizen births last year in 2008 compared to the number of births in 2003 .
Such a scheme is impractical even if it may work in the long run .
The reason is that not everyone is willing to have a baby just to get the benefit offered by the scheme .
Having a baby is a long-term responsibility and burden not many are willing and prepared to take .
Therefore , resources  should be diverted directly to help the elderly to be able to cope with their problems immediately .
If we spend less on the elderly , children will have the filial obligation to take care of the elderly .
This may sound good and interesting but with the current economic status , where is less economic growth , tougher choices need to be made to cope with the demand of the society .
Even if the economy improves , the expenses of the elderly will just keep on getting higher; it seems to only benefit the government and not the elderly .
Furthermore ,  will heavily burden those who have an elderly person at home and such stress leads many of them to abandon their elderly .
Besides that , there are still a segment of people that have no job , no savings nor even   no family that we often .
If expenditure on the aged is cut off , how would we expect them to be able to survive and it is supposedly the obligation of the government to provide shelter to these people .
As such , it is important for the government to spend more to help these people .
Although there are other areas such as education , infrastructure and defense that require our attention , it is also of equal importance for us to have the same concern for the elderly .
These people are the ones that have dedicated themselves to the development of the country in the past .
It is their right to enjoy the privileges provided by the government after their retirement .
As such , my point of view is that the spending on the aged should not be limited .
If the expenditure towards the elderly is limited , many will be left in a lurch and thus  among the elderly .
Old age is a reality that we all have to face one day .
The tremendous improvement in nutrition and medication has led to life expectancy in the developed world increasing significantly .
As the elderly population soars , the demographic changes that occur will cause increased public spending on the elderly in different fields such as medical care and public infrastructures .
Thus , many national budgets and economies will come under pressure as growing numbers of elderly people outnumber the number of younger people .
Despite all that , public spending on the elderly should not be limited as society has the moral obligation and  to assist them in all aspects .
The elderly have contributed much to the country's development so public expenditure on the elderly should not be limited .
It is undeniable that the elderly have made immense contributions to the country and their sacrifices create the relative social and economic comfort we enjoy now .
The elderly have become bright examples for the younger generation in various domains .
Many of them have made valuable contributions to the country in different fields such as politics , science and technology  , economics  and culture as well .
On top of that , most importantly , they have contributed to the nation by imparting their knowledge and experience to the younger generation .
For instance , over the years , the elderly have helped to build up the economy of Singapore by developing several policies and they have worked hard in securing and maintaining the stability of the country .
Party chief praises elderly' s contributions to nation <{http://mofa .gov .vn/en/nr040807104143/nr040807105039/ns060607082832}[HYPERLINK: http://mofa .gov .vn/en/nr040807104143/nr040807105039/ns060607082832]>
Implementation of the International Plan of Action on Aging and related activities <http://www .un .org/documents/ga/res/45/a45r106 .htm>
Although many may argue that public spending incurred to support the elderly should be limited , this will create an impact on the society and increase  .
The limitation in public spending on the elderly may cause family members and individuals to shoulder a bigger responsibility in taking care of the elderly .
In addition , some of those expenses on the elderly will end up getting shifted back to the public sector through less direct and more expensive means .
For example , the rising cost of healthcare  for the elderly has taken its toll on  and many can not afford it .
Thus , family members may need to fork out their own money to support their elderly parents .
Consequently , conflict and arguments among family members may occur in this matter .
Also , many other issues related to housing and transportation cannot be resolved .
Families and local communities will have to deal with those by restructuring welfare programmes .
Furthermore , the limitation in public expenditure on the elderly  will also affect the level of physical , mental and emotional well-being of an elderly person .
With the decrease in public spending on the elderly , many elderly people will come under pressure as they will have greater financial dependency on others .
Subsidies on health care and treatment at community hospitals and nursing homes for the elderly for instance will be cut off , hence leaving the elderly to fend for themselves .
All this pressure  could make them suffer from mental illness as their children may not look after them  .
For most of the elderly , family members are the major source of social and financial support .
Without that support , the elderly may start to spend time reflecting on their past , remembering disappointments and that stage of life may turn into a time of despair and loneliness , with only little positive meaning in life .
All this could eventually lead to suicide and depression among the elderly .
On the whole ,  government and society should support public spending for the elderly because the aged have in the past contributed to society and have made Singapore what it is today .
The elderly should benefit from the government , family and community care in all aspects to help them to ease their burden after what they have done for us over the years .
public spending on the elderly constitutes a safety net for them and all parties should work hand in hand to resolve  .
Bibliography
Article
Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer , Demography Is Not Destiny , Revisited .
Center on Aging Society , Georgetown University , March 2005
Website
The Health and the well-being of the elderly , Resolution adopted without a vote by the 90th Inter-Parliamentary Conference (Canberra , 18 September 1993) <{http://www .ipu .org/english/home .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .ipu .org/english/home .htm]> {Medical help / subsidy / subsidies for Elderly in Singapore : Primary Care Partnership Scheme}[HYPERLINK: http://aroundsingapore2008 .blogspot .com/2009/04/medical-help-subsidy-subsidies-for .html] <{http://aroundsingapore2008 .blogspot .com/2009/04/medical-help-subsidy-subsidies-for .html}[HYPERLINK: http://aroundsingapore2008 .blogspot .com/2009/04/medical-help-subsidy-subsidies-for .html]> Economic and social implications of population aging: proceedings of the International Symposium on Population Structure and Development , Tokyo , 10-12 September 1987 .
New York , New York , United Nations , 1988 . :418-30 .
(ST/ESA/SER .R/85) <{http://db .jhuccp .org/icswpd/exec/icswppro .dll ?BU=http://db .jhuccp .org/icswpd/exec/icswppro .dll&QF0=DocNo&QI0=201442&TN=Popline&AC=QBE_QUERY&MR=30%25DL=1&&RL=1&&RF=LongRecordDisplay&DF=LongRecordDisplay}[HYPERLINK: http://db .jhuccp .org/icswpd/exec/icswppro .dll ?BU=http://db .jhuccp .org/icswpd/exec/icswppro .dll&QF0=DocNo&QI0=201442&TN=Popline&AC=QBE_QUERY&MR=30%25DL=1&&RL=1&&RF=LongRecordDisplay&DF=LongRecordDisplay]>
The aging population has of late become a subject for discussion because the growth of an aging population has brought about serious health issues and social problems in the developed nations .
National budgets will also come under pressure as a growing number of elderly are supported by relatively fewer younger people .
Thus , to deal with such challenges , research has been carried out anddevelopment as well as policies have been developed to help the elderly .
The development in the field of economics has surprisingly contributed to easing the aging population problem .
Researchers believe that the critical challenge of an aging society is not only about how to accommodate the older population , but  about how to ensure the productivity of future workers , regardless of age .
Thus ,  have been done by the government in encouraging the economic growth in our country in order to decrease the problems that may arise from the aging process .
To encourage the economic growth of our country , our government has worked hard to develop the tourism industry in our country .
Tourism in our country has successfully created a wide range of occupations for our citizens , such as tour guide , airline staff , drivers , hoteliers , caterers and interpreters .
The lower barrier to elder employment which has been set by the government has allowed employers to take in older workers to work in the jobs mentioned above .
Thus , more people have the opportunity to work .
The rate of unemployment will decrease .
People can work longer , accumulate more wealth and increase their savings .
At the same time , the poverty rate can be decreased .
People can also afford to look after their elderly .
After retirement , the elderly can also use the money that they have earned to support themselves without depending on their families .
By improving the business environment , our country has also undergone a dramatic climb in our economy .
This has created more business  for our local traders .
Thus , taxes which are collected have increased and the income of our country has also risen .
These taxes have been used in the development of medical technology to help  cure the incurable , such as heart attack , tuberculosis , cornea impairment and cataract .
There are also medical facilities and systems which have been lately introduced , such as laser therapy , dialysis machines and microsurgery .
With all these modern technologies , human life can be extended and people can live more healthily .
The elderly can be stronger and fewer of them will be suffering from medical conditions , such as stroke , diabetes , cancer and high blood pressure .
Employers who claim that the elderly are restricted in ability and mobility will also no longer have any excuse to reject elderly individuals who wish to work in their organization .
The government has worked hard to create opportunities for foreign investors to encourage foreign investment .
This has increased the foreign currency exchange and stopped the outflow of our local currency and hence strengthened the value of our money .
As a result , there has been a significant growth in our economy that has increased the income of our country .
The income that our country has earned is then being spent on the welfare of the elderly .
The government has used the money to build more community hospitals and nursing homes which are well-equipped with  elderly-friendly facilities .
They also provide a range of services to meet the needs of the elderly , such as  medical care , nursing care , physiotherapy , dietary services and dental care .
The elderly can be admitted into the community hospitals or nursing homes if they need daily skilled nursing care or assistance in the activities of daily living because they have no caregiver to look after them at home .
Society has fewer choices on how to care for those who are least able to care for themselves when there is only little economic growth .
On the other hand , there will be more choices and fewer people in need when there is  sufficient economic growth .
The growth of the economy can solve many problems which arise from an an aging population .
Abandoned and unmarried old people can stand on their own feet without relying on others .
Excuses such as high cost of living making it hard for working adults to pay for their elderly's living expenses will not exist too .
Obviously , efforts that the government put into developing the economy of our country have resulted in  successful growth and inevitably , this has contributed to easing and solving the problems of aging population .
Many developed countries are now facing the same crucial issue: an aging population .
Take Singapore as an example; she will be witnessing a drastic demographic shift in history , with the age population ratio predicted to change drastically from one in twelve residents being over the age of 65 in 2005 to one in five residents in 2030 (Community on Ageing Issues , 2006) .
Hence , there would be a need for governments to increase expenditure on the aged to accommodate  this burgeoning age group .
, the crux of the issue here lies in how much this spending on the aged should be capped at .
For instance , health care now accounts for 4 .5% of Singapore's gross national expenditure (Wijaya , 2009) .
If there is no limit set to this figure , it can continue indefinitely , perhaps up to a double-digit figure , and may even cut into the state budget for other areas of development .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited so that there would be adequate resources available for other areas of the country's development .
critics argue that by limiting the amount spent on the aged and diverting the resources to other areas of the country's development , the essential needs of the elderly would be neglected .
One such example is the healthcare needs of the elderly .
It would hardly be a surprise that healthcare costs for the elderly would continue to escalate in the decades ahead .
With the never-ending introduction of new medical technologies and the seriousness of prolonged illnesses associated with old age , medical treatments for the elderly would be increasingly expensive .
Furthermore limiting of  public spending on the aged would  shift more of these healthcare costs to the elderly themselves , causing the elderly to shoulder a heavier financial burden .
The elderly would therefore be at the suffering end .
Pifer , A . , & Bronte , L .
(Eds .) .
(1986) .
Our Aging Society: Paradox and Promise .
New York: W . W . Norton .
Sakuraba , R . (2009) .
The Amendment of the Employment Measure Act: Japanese Anti-Age Discrimination Law .
Japan Labour Review , 6(2) .
Retrieved September 19 , 2009 , from http://www .jil .go .jp/english/JLR/documents/2009/JLR22_sakuraba .pdf
Schuiz , J . H . , Borowoki , A .  , & Crown , W . H . (1991) .
Economics of Population Aging: the "graying" of Australia , Japan , and the United States .
Westport: Auburn House .
Wijaya , M . (2009 , August 27) .
Singapore faces 'silver tsunami' .
Asia Times .
Retrieved September 20 , 209 , from http://yoursdp .org/index .php/news/singapore/2733-singapore-faces-silver-tsunami
While this may indeed happen , the situation can still be remedied .
Additional profits reaped from the investment in other areas of the country's development could in turn contribute to on the elderly significantly .
In fact , it is inevitable for the government to divert money to the other areas of development as an aging population affects these areas significantly .
One considerable implication of an aging population is its possible impact on the country's future macro-economic performance (Schuiz , Borowoki , & Crown , 1991) .
As the baby boomers ,  , begin to move out of the workforce , the country will face the problem of a shrinking workforce .
In Singapore , there are currently 8 .5 economically active persons to support one elderly person .
By 2030 , the labour-dependency ratio will drastically drop to only 3 .5 persons supporting one elderly person (Central Provident Fund [CPF] Board) .
This shrinking workforce may signal the advent of a less productive workforce and greater financial strain on the members of the workforce as they need to produce adequate amounts of output to support the burgeoning elderly population (Schuiz et al . , 1991) .
On top of that , a shrinking and less productive workforce could have an adverse impact on the country's economic growth .
Therefore , the government should divert more resources such as increased investments in human capital to improve , or at least sustain , the productivity of the workforce and the country's economic growth .
sufficient economic growth would bring prosperity to the country and in turn benefit the society as a whole .
The additional profits reaped from this investment may in turn be re-channeled to the public funds to help the needy ones , including the elderly .
Hence , the investments in other areas of the country's development would not be at the expense of the needs of the elderly; in actual fact , they could create a win-win situation .
In addition , limiting the public spending on the aged and diverting resources to other areas may not necessarily mean that the government is neglecting the needs of the elderly .
The government is still taking care of the aged in various aspects .
One aspect is the formulating of policies with the elderly in mind .
For instance , the Singapore government has passed the Maintenance of Parents Act to allow elderly parents to file lawsuits against their children for financial support (Khalik , 2009) .
This legislation would help to discourage adult children from shirking their responsibility of looking after their aged parents .
In addition , the government has long enforced individual savings through the mandatory CPF , compelling the population to save for their old age (Wijaya , 2009) .
This approach taken by the government would enable the individuals to accumulate wealth , and hence depend less on their family and the government financially in their twilight years .
these various aspects show that governments have taken a more well-rounded approach in taking care of the needs of the elderly; and that public spending on the aged is not and should not be used as a single depiction of how governments can express their concerns towards the elderly .
In a nutshell , limiting  public spending on the aged and diverting resources to other areas of the country's development do not necessarily mean that the government is neglecting the needs of the aged .
One should note that setting limits on  public spending on the aged  reduces the over-dependency of the aged on the government while diverting resources to other areas of development  allows the country to prosper and subsequently benefit the whole community , which includes the aged .
It is through this approachthat pressing issues such as the economic implications of an aging population can be resolved and at the same time , more revenue can be generated to help the needy  that includes the elderly as well .
Bibliography Central Provident Fund Board .
(n .d .) .
Overview .
Retrieved September 13 , 2009 , from http://mycpf .cpf .gov .sg/CPF/About-Us/Intro/Intro .htm
Committee on Ageing Issues .
(2006) .
The Report on the Ageing Population .
Retrieved September 13 , 2009 , from http://www .mcys .gov .sg/successful_ageing/report/Chapter%201%20-%20Demographic%20Realities .pdf
Economic Policy Committee .
(2001) .
Budgetary challenges posed by ageing populations: the impact on public spending on pensions , health and long-term care for the elderly and possible indicators of the long-term sustainability of public finances .
Retrieved September 19 , 2009 , from http://www .epsv .org/documentos/demographic%20outlook%20ecofin%20completo1101 .pdf
Khalik , S . (2009 , August 17) .
Laws against dumping parents ?
The Straits Times .
Retrieved September 19 , 2009 , from http://www .straitstimes .com/Breaking+News/Singapore/Story/STIStory_417824 .html
Moody , H . R . (2000) .
Aging: Concepts and Controversies (3rd ed .) .
California: Pine Forge Press .
Public spending is defined as the amount of funding the government channels into the society from the monies it collects from the society .
This fund is generated through various economic activities , usually in the form of taxation .
The debate often revolves round how the government utilizes this fund , which is contributed by the citizens .
The total amount collected from an economy tends to be more or less fixed in the short term .
Therefore , if one group of people gets more , the others would get lesser .
Thus , by limiting the spending on the aged , it would mean that other sectors of the society would get more than before .
This essay will discuss  the limit that should be imposed on the amount of funds that should be budgeted for  the aged that would constitute  a fair distribution of government resources .
This is due to the fact that the aged is not the only dependent group in society .
If there is a tendency to spend more than necessary on the aged , other sectors of the economy might find that they lack finances to function adequately .
Some might say that it is immoral to deprive the aged of the help they need .
They tend to support this argument by considering the contributions made by the aged during their hey-days and the level of their dependency in this season of their lives .
However , this school of thought focuses on only one aspect of the issues of society .
There is no doubt that some of the aged need help .
However , they are not the only dependent group .
A country is likely to also include the poor , the uneducated , the physically disabled , the intellectually underdeveloped , and many others who require constant monetary aid from the government .
Thus , it can almost be called an ill-informed decision when one claims that the government should take care of the aged without limits .
There is no doubt that we should ensure that the aged can age with dignity .
However , not only  the aged , but who are dependent on the government's help should also have the right to live with dignity  .
Thus , while the government educates the aged about their rights and campaigns about health maintenance methods , the other sectors of society in need of help should not be left out .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited so that other citizens of the country who are in need can also receive aid .
In conclusion , caring for the elderly is only right and necessary .
However , it should be within limits so that other parts of society would not be deprived of the help that is necessary for current support and future development .
Everyone is dependent on government aid to varying degrees .
A good balance must be struck to ensure that as few people as possible are deprived of government support due to poor distribution of state monies .
Bibliography
Sheryl Gay Stolberg and Jeff Zeleny (2009 , 11 September) Obama spells out health care view .
International Herald Tribune , pp .
1 and 4 .
The New York Times (2009) Obama's Health Care Speech to Congress Retrieved September 14 , 2009 , from http://www .nytimes .com/2009/09/10/us/politics/10obama .text .html ?pagewanted=5 &ref=politics
This essay will discuss   current political research and development that help to ease the aging process in the context of Singapore .
The aging process , which involves  physical , psychological and social changes among human beings , often brings about the deterioration of physical and mental health and loneliness .
These will increase the nation's health expenses and pension fund .
To a large extent , the aging process has been alleviated by  current social policies and implementation that emphasise individual responsibility , familial commitment and residual model policies- often known as government intervention .
Government has placed policies that emphasise individual responsibility and which have been proven effective to ease the aging process .
Every working Singaporean with a minimal income of five hundred dollars will have to contribute to the Central Provident Fund (CPF) .
With this compulsory saving scheme , Singapore citizens will have to save up for three accounts , which are the Special Account , Medisave Account and Retirement Account (CPF , 2009) respectively serving different purposes .
These accounts are meant for medical expenses , investments , emergencies and retirement  to ensure that the citizens have sufficient money when they reach old age .
However , despite having these accounts , senior citizens may still face problems with paying their medical bills and daily expenses as these accounts are subjected to withdrawal limitations and high eligibility age barriers .
Therefore , it is vital that senior citizens have a healthy lifestyle and to be active in the workforce in order for them to be in good health and have the ability to self-provide .
The Singapore government has been actively educating  senior citizens about the importance of healthy living and  community activities and campaigns .
For instance , the Health Promotion Board has introduced healthy aging programs and formed  interest groups like Tai Chi and Karaoke Singing Clubs among the residents in the communities .
These activities promote physical and mental wellness for  senior citizens as well as enlarge their social circle by making friends  .
The Singapore government has devised plans and policies to develop a strong sense of familial commitment in order to ease the aging population burden of the state .
Evidently , these policies are deemed to work as statistics (Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports [MCYS] , 2005) have shown that the majority (76 .4%) of senior citizens live with their children (p . 10) and 44 .7% of  senior citizens depend on their chilchildren for financial support (p . 28) .
Policies include tax relief for taking care of elderly parents or grandparents taking care of grandchildren while both parents work , and public housing schemes like  grants to citizens to purchase flats in  areas where their parents live .
Indirectly , this will strengthen  family ties and allow the senior citizens to seek companionship with their children or grandchildren .
However , there are still cases whereby children refuse to support their parents though they are capable of doing so .
With the introduction of Tribunal for the Maintenance of Parents (Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports [MCYS] , 2009) , parents who are over 60  and incapable of supporting themselves can file petitions  to seek financial support from their children .
Nevertheless , the pillars of the future are further instilled with the importance of moral values such as filial piety through moral civics lessons in schools to highlight the importance of familial commitment .
Lastly , Residual Model policies are in place to ease the aging process as they act as the last straw of the social safety net when the elderly lack self-reliance or have no familial support , for instance , the Public Assistance Scheme whereby senior citizens are given cash grants and free treatment at polyclinics and government or restructured hospitals .
Another example is the Medical Endowment Fund (Ministry of Health [MOH] , 2007) , which is known as Medifund and Medifund Silver , whereby the elderly are given provision for medical funds due to not having a Medisave or Medishield Account ,  not having accumulated enough in these accounts , or having no immediate family member to pay their hospital bills .
This enables every senior citizen to  to receive medical attention when needed .
An argument against these assistance schemes is that these will increase the dependency of  senior citizens on the government as they know that  they will be provided if they are unable to pay for their medical bills .
However , government stresses that these policies do not entitle all citizens to share the same benefits through mean testing , whereby the individuals are assessed according to their financial situation and bill size .
Affordability  is now dictated by the government and the patient who is considered not qualified for the fund will end up paying more .
This will in turn highlight the importance of self-reliance .
The aging process is the process of becoming older .
More countries are facing  problems brought about by the aging process in the social as well as the economic aspects .
Over the years , the life expectancy of people increases due to factors such as better hygiene and improved healthcare .
Vaccination  prevented people from getting life-threatening diseases in the past , such as tuberculosis , which is no longer a big threat today .
Increased life expectancy coupled with decreasing birth rate as shown in some first world countries such as Japan , where the country's fertility rate was 1 .23 children per woman and 21% of the population 65 years old and older (Cardiosk , October 2008) , led to aging population .
Despite the perplexing issues arising in the process of aging , the government has put in much effort in developing policies and aiding in research to alleviate its negative impact on society .
With an aging population , less people are able to work and the development of the economy is likely to decline .
Faruqee and Men (2002) wrote that declining and aging population would cause the level of Global Domestic Product (GDP) to fall by twenty percent annually in the long run .
To increase the number of people in the workforce , countries such as Singapore encourage foreign talent to contribute to her economy .
The government also implemented "baby bonus" to encourage couples to procreate which would increase labour in the long run .
However , the Singapore government has increased the retirement age to 65 years old so that the elderly can continue to contribute to the economy .
Reuters (2007) reported that Singapore plans to raise the retirement age for citizens from 62 to 65 by year 2012 to account for the higher life expectancy of the population .
Despite increasing the retirement age to reduce the pressure on economic development , the children of the elderly might not be willing to let their parents continue working at such an old age .
Hence , Japan invented robots to replace the lack of manpower due to the aging population .
These robots can also play a role in taking care of the elderly in the ; for instance , the wheelchairs that operate using buttons can replace humans pushing them .
With technological advancement , pressure on economy can be eased .
Statistics (2008) Retrieved 15 September 2009 . httpand-statistics .html (International Osteoporosis Foundation)
The next problem that arises in the elderly is their reduced mobility .
The elderly are less flexible and their movement is limited especially when they are facing a stage in life when they are more susceptible to suffer from movement-restricting diseases like osteoporosis .
Bone density of people would reduce overtime as the body is unable to absorb calcium with old age .
On the other hand , improved healthcare has also cured or prevented some of these diseases from plaguing the elderly , allowing them to enjoy active lifestyles .
Statistics show that elderly still engage in exercises and the elderly who take part in tai chi are 47% less likely to fall down due to  increased balancing ability and confidence .
Moreover , this research also shows that exercises reduced hip fracture rate by 25% in postmenopausal women .
However , despite some elderly being more active than others , most elderly find it difficult to move about .
Therefore , the Housing Development Board (HDB) in Singapore has proposed to build lifts that stop at every storey in the Life Upgrading Programme .
In addition , more ramps and slopes are to be built to ensure the mobility of wheelchair-bound elderly and also the physically disabled .
Public transport is also becoming more wheelchair-friendly with similar upgrades over the years .
Most elderly live alone as their children move out after they have a family .
The psychological needs of these elderly are not met especially when the problems of old age are catching up with them and they need someone to share their thoughts with .
To solve this problem , the government proposed to build more community hospitals .
These community hospitals focus more on the psychological well-being of the elderly rather than the physical one when they are recovering from an illness .
However , the elderly might prefer to stay at their own home or recuperate under the care of their children .
The government supports this move by issuing tax relief for sandwiched families , giving priority to these children who are buying new flats within close proximity to their elderly parents and giving subsidy to singles who buy a resale flat to live with their parents .
These singles would get $20 ,000 grant , up from the $11 ,000 subsidy .
Hamid Faruqee , Martin Men (2002) .
Population aging in Japandemographic shock and fiscal sustainability .
Volume 15 , Issue 2 , April 2003 , Pages 185-210
Housing Grants for Singles (2007) .
Retrieved 15 September 2009 from HDB , http/gs239085/Housing%20Grants/
M . Cardiosk (October 27 , 2008) .
Japan's Population Policy"Angel Plan" .
Retrieved 15 September 2009 .
EArticlehttp/japans_population_policy_angel_plan .html ?cat=37
The Package (2009 , 17 August) .
Retrieved 15 September 2009 from Housing Development Board , http/fi10208p .nsf/WPDis/Lift%20Upgrading%20ProgrammePolicies ?OpenDocument
Singapore to raise its retirement age to 65 (2007 , August 18) .
Reuters .
The rise of aging population has become a major issue in most parts of the world .
According to  United Nations statistics , by 2050 , one of every five people will be 60 years old and above and the total number of people who are 60 years old and above is projected to be around 2 billion .
It is a cause for concern , as  more elderly present in the society will affect our economic and social development significantly .
Therefore , in most parts of the world , governments are coming up with policies and sponsoring research to ease the aging proces .
The aging process can be eased by increasing birth rates , increasing workforce productivity and reducing the physical and psychological aspects of aging .
Currently , governments have helped to ease the aging process in terms of  economic  , social  technological developments .
Firstly , an aging population greatly threatens a country's economic development because with more elderly retiring ,  workforce productivity falls sharply .
Therefore , in most countries , governments have increased the retirement age in order to encourage the elderly to continue working to increase productivity .
In Finland , which has the most rapidly aging population in Europe , has successfully raised the retirement age from 60 .1 to 60 .7 in 2004 , together with a pension reform introduced in 2005 to ease pressure on the state pension system (Kunz , 2007) .
Another method to increase the workforce productivity is to invite foreign talents and immigrants to stay and work in order to counter the low birth rate of a country .
For instance , one of the main factors for Spain's rising birth rates was due to a huge influx of immigrants from Latin America and North Africa (Spain-Demographic Trends) .
However , these policies may not be effective because  locals view foreign workers as a threat and may cause social unrest .
For instance , in Australia , there is a rise of hate crimes against  immigrants .
Even so , employers should hire their employees based on their capability and not nationality in order to avoid such crimes and through this policy , it will increase a country's competiveness , which will increase the country's workforce productivity and boost its economy .
Therefore , by increasing the retirement age and recruiting immigrants , we have partly eased the economic aspect of aging process .
Moreover , with current technology advancement , we can tackle the physical barriers of aging problems such as low birth rate , increased productivity and reduced physical effects of aging , which may partly relate to elderly low self-esteem .
With current technology , infertile couples can have a baby through In-Vitro Fertilization (IVF) .
In addition , in Japan , researchers and scientists have invented robots to replace older workers in order to increase the workforce .
With potent medicine , the aged are able to live longer and healthier .
Others may argue that the main cause of the aging problem is actually longer life span itself .
However , it does prove that current technological advancement is indeed effective in prolonging the population's life span .
With longer life span , people can continue to contribute to society by imparting their knowledge and skills to the next generation .
By doing so , the aged will be more appreciated by the public; it also does help to improve the country's economy with an increased workforce .
Therefore , having longer life span does help to ease the the aging process .
Hence , technological advancement does help to ease the economic , social and physical aspects of aging process .
Bibliography
Kunz , J .
(2007) .
"Population ageing: problem or opportunity ?
Lessons from the case of Finland ."
In Journal of Sociology (1:1)
* OECD ,Society at a glance .
* OECD
Moreover , the elderly are not the only members of society so public spending on aged should be limited so that money can be spent on children .
Children are considered as the foundation of a country as they will grow up to be leaders in the future .
Therefore , government needs to pay more attention to children's welfare .
Children need good education  so that they can become well-versed and contribute to the country"s development .
In addition , public commitment to children has been threatened because of increased spending on the elderly .
According to an analysis done in the United States from 1980 to 2000 , the number of children living in poverty is almost three times  the number of elderly over the past twenty years (Organisation for Economic Co-operation Development , n . d .) .
Hence , diverting money to children should help to improve their quality of life .
Some critics argue that limiting  public spending on the aged will become a financial burden to low-income families .
Their low wages are only sufficient for household expenses and children"s school fees .
As prices are rising acutely , family members will face difficulties to support their elder parents .
However , low-income families can still obtain financial aid from government despite limitation to public spending on the aged .
Allowances and incentives are available for the needy .
Moreover ,  a tendency shows that elders themselves decide to have  longer working lives .
Although they already reach the retirement age , they still decide to continue working so they will be able to support themselves in their twilight years .
For example , Japanese usually continue working until 70 years old(OECD ,n .d .
) .They will continue to be financially secure , instead of starting to depend on their family .
In conclusion , limitation to public spending on the aged and diversion of money to other areas of development should be implemented .
Money diverted into the business domain will be able to stimulate economic growth .
In addition , children are at a disadvantage if too much money is spent on the elderly .
Despite limitation to public spending on the aged , the real needy will still be able to obtain financial aid .
The consequences resulting from an unlimited increase in public spending on the elderly will become a financial burden to a country in long run .
Citation
* United Nations ,Department of Economic and Social Affairs ,Population Division(2007) .World Population Prospect:The 2006 Revision ,vol-11 Sex and Age Distributionof World Population .
* The United States ,The Office of Artuary , Natioanal Health Expenditure Data:Overview , {Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services}[HYPERLINK: http://www .answers .com/topic/centers-for-medicare-and-medicaid-services] .Retrieved from {http://www .answers .com/topic/health-care-in-the-united-states#cite_note-24}[HYPERLINK: http://www .answers .com/topic/health-care-in-the-united-states#cite_note-24]
* Michael Mussa(2008) ,Global Economic Prospects 2008/2009: Hoping for a Global Slowdown and a US Recession .
* Channel News Asia(2009) , Real US unemployment rate at 16% , says Fed official .
Retrieved August 27 ,2009 , from {http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/afp_world_business/view/1001082/1/ .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/afp_world_business/view/1001082/1/ .html]
Singapore's life expectancy at birth for males is 78 .4; for females it is 83 .2 (SingStats , 2009) .
Total fertility rate per female is only 1 .28 .
These statistics explain why Singapore is no doubt one of the fastest aging populations in Asia .
The problems associated with the aging process can be categorized into five aspects , namely economic decline , mental agility , health , emotional and social problem .
Among all , economic and social policies  are widely discussed in  society .
Although it is impossible to increase the fertility rate in the short run , the problems of aging process are still alleviated by research and effective development and policies .
On the economic aspect , an aging population leads to shrinking workforce , low productivity and slow economic growth .
The annual inflation rate of Singapore has been increasing from 2 .1 to 6 .5 from 2007 to 2008 (SingStat , 2009) .
The old age dependency ratio last year was 11 .9 (SingStats , 2009) which shows that 11 .9 working persons would support one elderly .
Together with the problem of low fertility rate , government encourages Singaporeans to work longer to earn more for the future .
In order to encourage late retirement , the Singapore retirement age has been increased from 60 to 62 .
The the CPF contribution rate for employers has been increased by 1 .5 percentage points in 2007 in order for citizens to better prepare for the aging problem .
However , for older workers , CPF contribution by both employers and employees has also been reduced in order to help the workers remain competitive and increase their take-home salary (Channel NewsAsia , 2007) .
Research on how to cater for elderly needs on public facilities has also come into action .
There are ramps for people using wheelchairs; in most of the buildings , toilets and buses are specially designed to accommodate the elderly and the handicapped .
The Singapore social service sector has been taking care of the elderly with current housing , healthcare and job support policies .
HDB encourages children live in close proximity with their parents so that children can take care of parents during emergency .
Under the Single Singapore Citizen Scheme in 2008 , single Singaporeans aged 35 and above are able to apply for higher CPF grant of $20 ,000 if they want to purchase HDB resale flats to live with their parents (Channel NewsAsia , 2008) .
Moreover , upgrading of housing lifts on every floor would make elderly life easier .
The Healthcare 3Ms , Medicare , MediShield and Medifund also provide subsidies for the elderly .
In order to benefit those who need help more , subsidy for hospitalization in public hospitals has been adjusted so that 60 percent of workers are able to enjoy full subsidy for type C and B2 wards whereas those have higher earning power will receive substantial subsidies for both C and B2 class wards (Khalik , 2008) .
NTUC , WDA and employers have worked on the Job Re-creation Programme (JRP) to recreate and redesign jobs targeting older workers and providing training opportunities for them to take up new job openings .
Besides , SPUR focuses on retraining for older workers whereas ADVANTAGE !
encourages businesses to employ older workers .
Opponents of this position will argue that healthcare cost is still the main problem for the aging population .
A Medisave account may not be sufficient for many Singaporeans once they need to pay the medical bills for their parents , spouses and children .
Although most of the Singaporeans  not only pay for their own medical bills , there are other subsidy schemes which may lessen their financial burden .
Eldershield is designed for elderly who need long-term care or cannot afford the expenses on severe disability .
The elderly will receive monthly cash payout ,  therefore their children's Medisave account can be used to pay for their own bill .
Other than that , the Interim Disability Assistance Programme for the Elderly (IDAPE) and Primary Care Partnership (PCPS) are other subsidy schemes available .
To summarize , government encourages later retirement in order to reduce elderly dependency and implement social policies such as subsidy on housing medical fees .
At the same time , more and more facilities are designed to meet the needs of the elderly and the disabled .
Therefore , current research and policies are able to cater to most of the needs of Singaporeans to prepare for old age .
Also , individuaindividuals have to keep fit to reduce the probability of getting ill in order to avoid expensive medical bills during older age .
Reference:
Khalik , S . (2008 , March 4) .
Means Testing At Public Hospitals .
The Straits Times .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from Trevvy .
Channel NewsAsia .
(2008 , March 27) .
HDB Introduces Higher CPF Grant For Singles Who Live With Parents .
Retrieved September 17 , 2009 , from {http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/337531/1/ .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/337531/1/ .html]
Channel NewsAsia .
(2007 , February 15) .
Singapore to raise employers' CPF contribution by 1 .5% percentage points .
Retrieved September 17 , 2009 , from {http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/258752/1/ .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/258752/1/ .html]
Statistics Singapore (2009) .
Key Annual Indicators .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .singstat .gov .sg/stats/keyind .html#keyind}[HYPERLINK: http://www .singstat .gov .sg/stats/keyind .html#keyind]
The world is still recovering from the aftermath of the recent market crash .
Many economies have dipped into recession , job losses are prevalent and many countries are experiencing social instability .
Fortunately , with the introduction of multimillion rescue packages , the situation seems to be hopeful .
Slowly and steadily , the world's economy will pick up again .
However , the world must address yet another dire issue:  an ageing population .
According to the United Nation's prediction , by 2050 , 22% of the world's population of 9 billion will be over 60 (The Economist , 2009) .
Such statistics are indeed worrying .
The world will experience slow growth , shrinking labour and rising public spending .
Such cost even micrifies the impact of the recent financial crisis .
As stated in the Economist , the current crisis makes up about 10% of the future ageing-related costs (The Economist , 2009) .
However , leaders of the world have stepped up measures to combat this unforgiving phenomenon .
Ongoing research and implementation are initiated to allow the world to accept such emergence comfortably .
Reducing elderly dependency is one way in which governments can tackle the worrying phenomenon of a greying population .
One possible strategy is to enhance the opportunity of elderly employment .
In the past , the elderly were often labelled as slow and inefficient .
However in recent times , such stereotypes have been shelved away as the younger generations learn to embrace the wealth of experience , the elderly share , thus increasing the likelihood for elder employment .
In Singapore , the ADVANTAGE !
Scheme (Ministry of Manpower , 2007) is an initiation to help employers financially in hiring and retaining older workers .
This will open up more opportunities for the elderly to support themselves without burdening the tax-payers .
It also increases the labour force and tax revenue .
Therefore the elderly should not be deprived of employment by providing more incentives for employers to attract such workers and help for those seeking employment opportunities .
As such , the exchange of experience and skills will only benefit the workforce and hence reduce the effects of a greying population .
Another problem which the older generation may face is social discrimination .
Mental and physical health will inevitably deteriorate as one ages .
Such liability will only discourage the older ones and thus create an invisible segregation between the strong and the weak .
Thankfully in Singapore , such issues have been ironed out and certain measures have been carefully implemented .
Under the Main Upgrading Project (MUP) , grab-bars in the bathroom and non-slip floor tiles have been installed in upgraded sold flats .
Recently , recreational facilities such as exercise corners and elder-care centres have also been built in the neighbourhood to provide social interaction opportunities among the community .
Also , the Housing Development Board (HDB) has introduced Married Child Priority Scheme (MCPS) to grant privileges to married children to live near or together with their parents .
These policies would greatly foster ties and improve communication between the young and old , in hope to eliminate the social discrimination and bolster the well being of the elderly .
On the contrary , as much as solutions are sought to reduce the effects of an ageing population , the rate of replacing the world's population is not desirable .
According to the Economist , the fertility rate in member countries of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development fell sharply from an average of 3 .2 children per female in 1960 to 1 .6 in 2009 , which is below the recommended replacement level of 2 .1 (The Economist , 2009) .
Women now are more career-proactive and hence delay marriages and family formations .
Additionally , the number of children in a family has been limited to two due to individual family's preference and financial ability .
However , there are many ways in which governments can compensate for the falling birth rate .
Longer paid maternity leave , more childcare leave and greater incentives for working mothers are some possible corrections to the problem .
In France , such policies were implemented and were rewarded with a near replacement fertility rate (The Economist , 2009) .
Although this may increase the government's expenditure , it is a necessary investment for a better future of the country .
For many decades , the world has been taking a lot of beating .
From the economic crisis in 1997 to uncontrolled viral spread such as H1N1 pandemic in 2008 , the world survived all these obstacles .
The repercussions of an ageing population are tirelessly being subdued by various helpful and effective solutions .
These are proved successful in certain countries but with a necessary cost .
Results may seem moderate and unprogressive .
Nonetheless , with much support in place , the future of the world may not be as bleak as before .
Aging is a difficult process as the elderly are more inclined to get sick because of a lower immune system so having to recuperate longer would be financially draining .
They also face difficulties in finding and retaining jobs .
Under the seniority based-wage system , it is more expensive to hire older workers; and  the perception that older workers are inefficient resulted in low employment rate among the elderly (Lee , 2009 , para .
6) .
However , policies on the aged in Singapore have significantly heled to reduce the problems they face .
In recent years , the Ministry of Manpower has been working closely with its tripartite partners to enhance the employability of  older workers (as cited in NTUC , 2007) .
One of the schemes that were developed was the 'Advantage !
Scheme' .
In this scheme , companies are given a grant up to $400 ,000 to encourage them to retain its mature workers .
Coming in 2012 , the government will enact the re-employment legislation to enable the elderly to work beyond the retirement age of 62 (as cited in Re-Employment of Older Workers Portal , 2008) .
This is preferred than increasing the retirement age because a higher retirement age might cause older workers to be less employable as they are no longer cost competitive which may result in them being laid off even before they are 62 (cited in MOM , 2008) .
With re-employment , employers can provide jobs to their mature workers and also offer them a different job position with different salary and terms .
Here , both employer and employees can negotiate the terms and companies can remain competitive by adjusting the wages and benefits according to the value of the job .
In terms of healthcare , the government has come out with a few financial assistance schemes to ensure that the citizens are able to afford healthcare and are prepared during their old age .
Other than the basic healthcare financing schemes like Medisave , Medishield and Medifund , the government has come out with another scheme called 'Elder Scheme' .
This is an insurance scheme where those eligible pay premiums and they can claim benefits at any age of their life and receive monthly cash payout up to 72 months .
This would help support them should one day they stop working (as cited in MOH , 2007) .
Other than financial schemes , the government also provides subsidies for patients who require intermediate and long term care .
The subsidies given could be as much as 75% of the total bills depending on the family income and it is extended to community hospitals (as cited in MOH , 2007) .
This is beneficial as sick elderly require long term care and they might choose to recuperate at community hospitals .
However , even with all of these policies and subsidies , there is no guarantee that the elderly are able to pay for all of their living expenses .
Even though they have worked for many years , they might have little or no savings because they might not know how to manage their money .
It is essential that they learn how to not only manage their wealth but also expand it so that when they choose to stop working , they would have enough money to pay for their necessities and have enough for any unexpected expenses .
To ensure that its citizen will be financially prepared when they reach their retirement age , the Central Provident Fund Board (CPF) has came out with a learning portal called 'Retirement Ready @ my cpf' to help citizens to plan for their retirement (as cited in CPF , 2009) .
Here they show a step-by-step process on how to achieve the desired retirement lifestyle a person wants .
They teach from how to do basic budgeting to doing investments .
This is one of many ways to ensure that Singapore citizens will live a better life when they get older .
Clearly the government and its related agencies have been working hard to help ease the aging process through many of its policies .
Through these , the elderly not only will be able to continue working; they also need not worry much about their health expenses .
These policies along with early retirement planning would help to ensure that the elderly will be economically independent and lead a better life .
Singapore is facing a shift in the distribution of the population towards older ages , where the median age of population  increase , as well as a decline in fertility rates , resulting in a rise in the number of elderly in Singapore .
Aging impacts a person's well being in many ways , with both psychological and physical changes , including chronic diseases associated with it .
The labour age composition has thus shifted towards the older workers , where implications towards the competitiveness of Singapore's economy will occur , especially if older workers do not make significant contributions to the productivity growth in the economy (Thangavelu , Yong , 2006) .
Hence , more support and care for the aged should be provided which in turn will pose a strain to the younger generation .
As of 2008 , '8 .4 economically active persons are supporting one elderly' (Singstats , 2008) and 'by 2030 , only 3 .5 persons will be supporting one elderly' (CPF , 2008) .
This has reflected the importance for individuals to have the ability to support themselves through their golden years .
In order to do so , Singapore has introduced policies that worked to ease the aging process .
Facing high cost of living , Singapore has moved up from the 13th position in 2008 to the 10th in 2009 , in the worldwide cost of living ranking (Mercer , 2009) , especially for the medical cost , where each household spends an increasing amount of expenditure in health care , with 3 .3% in 1998 to 5 .1% in 2003 (Singstats , 2007) , and is expected to further increase in the future  , with more aged citizens in Singapore .
Hence , Singapore has introduced policies to ease healthcare financing , such as Medisave , Medishield , Medifund , and Eldershield (MOH , 2007) .
Singaporeans have recognized the need to prepare for aging in terms of escalating medical costs , thus net withdrawal from Medisave scheme , including Eldershield , has dropped to 213 .6 million in 2009 , and 62 .5 million from the Medishield scheme (CPF , 2009) .
A drop in withdrawal of healthcare schemes has thus reflected that more Singaporeans have felt the need for such policies .
Singapore has not only faced an aging population resulting from low fertility rates , but also longer life expectancy for individuals .
With rising life expectancy , given only a 2 .5%  annual interest in the Central Provident Fund (CPF) , and with most funds in the CPF used to fund housing or tertiary education , the CPF figure left is no longer sufficient to last through retirement (OCBC , 2005) .
"The best way for people to adjust to longer life spans is to continue working for as long as they can" (PM Lee , 2009) , as working provides a source of income; more savings can thus be built up .
Increasing the retirement age is insufficient to encourage individuals to work longer , hence the Re-employment policy will be enacted in 2012 .
In order to ensure that older workers are not at a  disadvantage , Singapore established schemes such as smaller CPF contributions to the aged (CPF , 2009) , as well as the Advantage !
Scheme introduced in 2005 (MCYS , 2009) to lighten the cost of hiring the aged as well as to move away from the seniority-wage system and provide assistance in funding to re-employ mature workers .
And as of 2005 , 1 ,142 companies have benefited from this scheme .
In addition , retraining programmes were also introduced; an example would be 'Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience (SPUR)' (MCYS , 2009) .
Through amelioration and subsidizing of healthcare and public facilities the process of aging population has been eased .
Through amelioration and subsidizing of healthcare and public facilities ,  the problem of aging population has been eased .
Over the last 5 years , Singapore government health expenditure for  citizens has increased from $1 .53 billion in year 2002 , to $1 .93 billion in year 2006 which is an average growth rate of 6% per annum (as cited in Ministry of Health , 2007) .
Through the increment on healthcare expenditure , we can see that the government is bringing in better technologies and focusing on  Singaporeans' health .
With advanced healthcare facilities , preventing or curing  diseases has been made possible .
One of the most common diseases associated with  old age is  Senile Dementia , where the patient encounters mental deterioration (loss of intellectual ability) .
Two major types of senile dementia are Alzheimer type and those due to vascular problems .
Studies show that of  people over 80 , 20% suffer from Alzheimer's disease (as cited in health-cares .net , 2005) .
Researchers have come up with several ways to improve and slow down the deterioration of elderly brain .
For instance ,  researchers have invented medications such as tacrine and donepezil which are used by patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease (as cited in health-cares .net , 2005) .
Researchers not only focus on inventing new medications , they also hope to protect people against mental decline through aerobic exercises and getting a dose of the sun - vitamin D (as cited in health-cares .net , 2005) .
In Singapore , having one of the fastest aging populations in the world , with an estimated 23% of the population to be over 65-year-old by the year 2030 , there is a need for more hospitals to be built to meet the needs of the aging population (as cited in Singapore faces 'silver tsunami' , 2009) .
Hence , Jurong General Hospital which will open in five years and Khoo Teck Puat Hospital which will open next year will be linked to a community hospital next door .
This is to ensure that older people will have the right health care treatment at the right place and in return help them to cut costs (as cited in The Straits Times , 2009) .
It is understandable that older people often require more medical care , but they need not remain in the hospital for this care .
Thus , it would be much cheaper for them to get such care from a community hospital - hence the idea of "stepping down" the care is needed .
Public transportation systems must continue to expand in order to deal with an aging population .
In June 2006 , Singapore Bus Services (SBS) Transit launched Singapore's First Ever Wheelchair accessible buses - Service 21 (as cited in SBS transit , 2006) .
Similarly , another public transport operator Singapore Mass Rapid Transit (SMRT) came up with its first wheelchair-friendly buses on June 2009 (as cited in Wheelchair-friendly bus , 2009) .
With these buses , the elderly and wheelchair bounded commuters could travel conveniently to hospitals and polyclinics for their medical appointments .
Even with government funding , not every Singaporean is able to luxuriate in the use of better healthcare and public facilities .
Even with government subsidies and paying  their CPF they might still find it difficult to handle hefty medical bills .
Hence , even a small family with a monthly income of $10 ,000 might also find it difficult to cope with a big hospital bill , if it has to support one or two elderly people with a chronic illness (as cited in The Straits Times , 2004) .
Hence , policies such as senior citizens' bonus  where lower-income elderly aged 55 and above with an annual income of $100 ,000 or less will receive $200 to $1000 over a period of 4 years (as cited in GST Offset Package , 2009) to lighten the burden of lower income families .
There is no need to worry as statistics shows that direct subsidies to patients have increased from $850 million in 2001 to $1 .6 billion in 2007 and it is projected to increase to $2 .2 billion in 2012 (as cited in Ministry of Health , 2009) .
In conclusion , amelioration and subsidizing of healthcare and public facilities has eased the problem of aging population .
Therefore , maintaining a healthy lifestyle , saving up for the future and contributing monthly to their CPF account assist citizens to prepare them for better retirement and lower their economic burden .
One in The Agingresidents in Singapore will be 65 and above by the year 2030 (Yap , 2009) .
Singapore society's aging process brings on numerous set of challenges for the government .
The effects of aging process in Singapore are as follows .
First , economic decline would occur as the size of the working force shrinks .
Second , decline in the citizen's health due to weaker immunity system and age related illness .
Third , social problems brought on by the living environment .
Fourth , emotional problems caused by the different mindsets of the young and old generations and connections to family and society .
Last , the decrease in mental agility affecting active aging .
Therefore , the government has embarked on reforming its older policies and implementing new ones to cater to and prepare for the trend of population aging in Singapore .
Critics might argue that the government iwillucing policies encouraging eeconomic and social problems because of the problem of agingworkers does not mean compaif onesn Siysgapore would follow suit .
Also , not all the workers would benefit from the policies mentioned above .
However , in evident of the above policies , Singapore was the only Asian country which won the AARP International Innovative Employer Award (Yap , 2009) .
The award is given to companies in countries for showing innovative Human Resouritsactices that deal with matters related to the workforce , age 50 and older (Yapy , 2009) .
Also by the end of 2008 , 700 unionised companies have already committed to re-employ close to 5 ,000 workers above the age of 62 (Yap , 2009) .
The statistics show that the reemployment is a useful tool and the government's policies have had a positive impact on the companies .
Furthermore , workers can refresh or upgrade their skills from more than 800 SPUR rses (Yap , 2009) .
This benefit is not limited only to employthe Sd workers but unemployed workers also can turn SPUR to sharpen their skills while they search for jobs .
Moving on , Singapore wants for its seniors , even the less mobile to have a safe and accessible environment .
As such , a Barrier Free Accessibility Masterplan was executed (Yap , 2009) .
The plan is for all our public housing estates to be barrier-free by 2011 (Yap , 2009) .
Also by 2as4 , eligibfrom HDB blocks would have lift access to all floors .
In the past , there was no exact emphasis on structure for all ages .
However , since July 2006 , HDB's new public housing projects are built are all people (Yap , 2009) .
For example , switches and sockets low enough to be accessiedle from a wheelchair and toilets being wide enough and having hand rails .
Moreder , our government is not only building barrier-free estates but also concentrating on public turn tosportation .
By 0 , pedestrian walkways , public roads , taxi and bus shelters and access to MRT stations woule barrier-free , using a $60 million programme started by the government (Yap , 2009) .
We can also observe that wheelchair-accessible buses are progressing gradually .
Thus , Singapore's environment and transportation services for its citizens are transforming in line with the changing needs of Singapore society .
withtoilets have been madeOur government's constant review of the policies , setting up ofe ,many specified committees to head particular goals in relation to changing times , and counter measures to external and internal factors have been impressive .
It has also gained recognition in local and abroad .
In conclusion , our current policies clearly have helped to ease the aging process in Singapore .
It has enabled our society to be better prepared for the aging trend in Singapore .
When Singapore's Ministry of Finance unveiled the government budget for 2009 , it was stated that an estimated total of S$66 million or 0 .15% of the total government expenditure will be spent on establishing various programs and upgrading facilities for the elderly (Singapore Budget 2009 , 2009) .
As the problem of aging population intensifies throughout the years , there will always be a debate on how much of  public spending should be allocated to the aged .
While it is important to provide funds for implementing policies to support the elderly , it is plausible for the government to work on areas which can aid both the country's development as well as provide support towards the aged .
Firstly , it is vital to develop the country's economy .
A sustained economic growth improves the level of business activities , ensures a low unemployment rate and increases government tax revenues .
More funds are thus available to finance additional projects for the needy including the aged .
Also , more people will become self-sufficient and therefore able to support themselves , even without government aid .
Hence , more funds can be directed to other economic development areas (Friedland and Summer , March 2005) .
Contrarily , with slower growth , more people will be unemployed and more money would have to be spent on unemployment benefits .
This will inevitably constrict  public spending on the aged due to a smaller pool of resources .
Secondly , the funding spent on the education sector cannot be compromised .
Cheney (2007) wrote that children are the pillars of the nation .
This means that the country's progression will depend on the next generation .
If the young are not well educated , there may be social implications such as increasing crime rates and unemployment .
In a research done by Shirley (2007) , crime rate and education have an inverse relationship .
This is due to the increased opportunity costs involved with a higher education level .
Adversely , there is a positive relationship between higher education and employment opportunities (Harvey , 2000) .
This is because employers tend to link working abilities with academic qualifications .
Hence , reduction in education expenditure will put the country's progress at risk .
Critics may argue that even if the country is performing well economically , she may not be progressing socially if she fails to address the people's needs , especially the elderly's .
This is because the elderly have once contributed to the country's economy and their well-being should not be overlooked when they age and are unable to work .
Thus , it is justifiable that the society should give in return and support the old members of the workforce , on the account of their past contributions to the nation .
Furthermore , aging is a natural process and everyone will grow old one day .
When the time comes , it is man's instinct to hope that more efforts will be invested to help him .
Therefore , it is pertinent that the government does not overlook their needs .
However , it is essential to regulate the amount spent on assisting the aged .
Some fear that with government aid , some may in turn become over-reliant and fail to be self-sufficient .
Therefore , it would be better for the government to offer the basic infrastructure and introduce policies to help the aged gain independence while receiving necessary help .
For example , one feasible policy is to encourage companies to provide extra training for the older workers to stay in touch with advanced technology , thus increasing their working lifespan disregarding health factors .
Not only will the elderly become more financially able , they will also attain a sense of belonging in the society and purpose in their lives .
Concurrently , the government can invest in other sectors , such as the research and development sector , which will indirectly aid the aged .
For instance , public facilities , such as buses , are being upgraded and improved to facilitate easier movement for the elderly and handicapped .
Also , there is ongoing medical research on senile dementia and Parkinson's disease .
All these will improve the lives of the elderly significantly .
In conclusion , public spending for the aged is a necessity but should be regulated .
In order to strike a balance and better maintain the state of the economy , the government has to prioritize the country's needs and analyze the current problems the country is facing .
Resources are always limited , thus the government has to allocate them cautiously for the continuous development of the nation .
Aging is an ongoing process .
Everybody will grow old and is bound to experience the effects of it at one point in his or her life .
Although we cannot escape from it , we can certainly make the process a less painful one to go through .
Indeed , current research and development/policies have greatly contributed in easing the aging process .
Research and development (R&D) is essential to help improve the lives of an ageing population .
Only through research and development will we be able to gain knowledge on the issues circling them and come up with ways to overcome it , for example , the development of humanoid robots in Japan which promises to free us from physical labor and help us with our household chores such as folding laundry , doing the dishes , cooking , etc .
(Adams , 2004) .
This will therefore ease the burden of people from all these time-consuming chores .
In addition to this , there is also development on robots serving as companions .
A robotic companion could add a lot of fun and excitement to the life of a lonely retiree especially .
Another R&D policy that has played a role in easing the aging process includes buses that are elderly- and handicapped-friendly .
An example would be the new SBS Transit single-deck buses that are capable in accommodating two wheelchair-bound passengers at any one time .
These new buses are also "low floor" and  for the elderly and handicapped (SBS Transit , 2007) .
Thus , by coming up with new technologies , research and development do help in easing the aging process .
Apart from research and development , policies with regard to ageing population have also helped to ease the ageing process .
These policies help the elderly to age with grace and dignity .
For example , HDB has been actively implementing various policies and improvement programs in making the elderly feel more comfortable .
One such program is the Lift Upgrading Program where the lifts will now land on every floor as compared to the past where not all public housing was provided with  access to lifts .
This does not only benefit the elderly , but the disabled as well as families with young children as well (Housing and Development Board , 2001) .
In addition to this program , HDB has also come up with a policy which encourages children to live in close proximity to their parents .
This policy provides the children to buy resale flats with a housing subsidy of $40 ,000 higher-tier Family Grant under the CPF housing grant scheme .
For singles aged 35 years and above who wish to buy a resale flat , they will be provided with a housing subsidy of $20 ,000 higher-tier Singles Grant under the scheme (Housing and Development Board , 2009) .
These policies all have the common intention of promoting the value of an extended family staying together for mutual care and support which will in turn ease the aging process of the elderly .
Research and development/policies are not the only ways in easing the aging process though .
Palliative care is now getting the recognition it deserves together with professional training and more funding .
On top of relieving a patient's pain , palliative care also lightens the emotional burden of the patient's caregiver too .
In light of the increased awareness and growing importance of palliative care , demand for it has increased .
For example , there has been a rise in the number of patient referrals to Dover Park Hospice from 680 in 2006 to 750 in 2008 ("Lifting Spirits" , 2009 , p . 13) .
By becoming more affordable , it helps to ease the financial burden of the patient and his or her family .
Although palliative care does not prolong life , it helps the ill to live meaningfully by helping to manage their pain and discomfort .
To conclude , research and development/policies have no doubt managed to ease the aging process but on top of that , palliative care also has a role to play in relieving suffering and improving the quality of life of people facing serious illnesses .
Singapore is one of the fastest ageing countries in the world .
In the year 2000 , Singapore has 7 .2% of its population aged 65 and above .
By 2030 , the ageing population in Singapore is predicted to increase to 18 .4% of the total population (as cited in Koh , 2002) .
This is a pressing issue which may lead to an economic decline as the workforce is affected .
The current research and development as well as the policies drawn are effective in alleviating the ageing process such as decline in health , economic downturn and  emotional problems of the elderly .
In this rat-raced world , everything seems to be progressing rapidly , leading to a higher standard of living .
Better medical facilities allow people to live longer but at the same time increase their cost of living as well .
As people age , their health starts to deteriorate and their savings will also decrease as the years pass .
They will not be able to afford the high medical costs and thus are unable to get proper treatment for their illness .
In this aspect , some critics argue that development in the medical field does not help address the ageing process .
However , one of the policies in Singapore includes healthcare subsidy for the elderly .
The Singapore government will provide up to 75% subsidy for the elderly provided that they are either Singapore citizens or permanent residents ; this also depends on the income of the family (Ministry of Health: Subsidies for elderly , 2007) .
This aid enables medical treatment to be more affordable .
Hence , the policy is able to ease the ageing process through care for the deteriorating health of the elderly .
Current research in the medical field is conducted to find out the causes and cures for common illnesses among the elderly such as senile dementia and Parkinson's disease .
One example is the Dementia Research Centre located at the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery in the United Kingdom .
It is the lead centre for finding new drugs to delay the onset of Alzheimer's disease (Dementia Research Centre , Queen Square , London , UK- about the DRC , 2008) .
When such research is successful , it will benefit humanity and better  medical treatments in the world .
This will decrease the suffering of the elderly , making them less susceptible to diseases  , thus helping to abate the ageing process .
There are a few measures taken by the Singapore government to ease the ageing process .
One of the measures taken is to encourage the elderly to undergo training and upgrading of their skills .
This will enable them to enter the workforce again and increase their retirement age .
The 'ADVANTAGE !
Scheme' was implemented in 2005; some companies such as  retail and logistics have adopted it to help them recruit and retain workers aged 62 and above (Ministry of Manpower , 2007) .
This will increase the retirement age of the elderly and thus improve the economy and workforce in an aging population .
Another policy is the 'Central Provident Fund (CPF) Housing Grant Scheme' which is a subsidy given by the government to encourage children to live in close proximity with their parents .
They will receive a  grant if they live in the same town , or 2 kilometers apart from each other if they are to stay in different towns (Housing Development Board , 2009) .
When the children live near their parents , there is a higher probability of them visiting their parents often , hence making it easier for them to take care of their parents .
Moreover , the family is able to provide emotional support for the elderly .
Hence , these development plans and policies will help to ease the ageing process of the elderly .
In conclusion ,  research conducted to discover more about the illnesses of the elderly and the policies implemented which provide subsidies as well as schemes to aid the elderly , will help to ameliorate the ageing process .
An ageing population will still be a problem in the future .
Hence , such developments and policies are vital to ease the ageing process .
Family might be a better solution to abate the process , as it is the main emotional and financial support for the elderly .
An elderly is an irreplaceable and valuable  asset that acts like glue which holds families together .
These valuable assets are deemed to increase in numbers globally .
Having one of the fastest aging populations in Asia (Chan , 2001) , Singapore faces a huge challenge in developing infrastructures and public policies in terms of healthcare , housing , re- training , transportation and financial aid to accommodate this changing age structure .
Despite the large expenses in the various aspects for the aged , these implementations would also benefit the younger generations in due course .
Hence , the government and society would have to do everything that is possible to support and prepare for the inevitable increase in the aging population even at the expense of the country's development in other areas .
Currently , the main concern for Singapore is the overwhelming baby boomers that are progressing into the senior status .
Nevertheless , the government should prioritize its spending and not neglect this aging population .
Reports have shown that (Cire , 2009) in mid 2008 , an estimated 506 million population worldwide are above 65 years old .
However , this figure will reach 1 .3 billion by 2040 .
In the context of Singapore , the aged above 65-years old are projected to represent 23% of the population by 2030 and this would be the second highest percentage in Asia after Japan (Wijaya , 2009) .
The repercussions following the aging population would be social and economic concerns as the younger generations would have to struggle to support their families .
Moreover , with less working population , Singapore's economy would be greatly affected .
Therefore ,  society should be aware of its situation and address  this problem before it becomes a severe issue for the country .
Channel News Asia .
(2009) .
National Day Rally Speech 2009 in English .
Channel News Asia .
Retrieved on September 03 , 2009 , from http://www .channelnewsasia .com/nd09/rally_english .htm
Ministry of Manpower .
(2008) .
Helping Singaporeans Work Longer .
Retrieved September 9 , 2009 , from http://www .mom .gov .sg/publish/momportal/en/general/FAQs_on_Work_Longer .html
Subsequently , public spending on the different policies and infrastructures would benefit  society and support the economy in the long run .
The different policies include financial aspects like the reinforcement of individual savings through the mandatory Central Provident Fund which helps the population save for old age (Central Provident Fund Board , 2009) .
This would ease the burden on the younger generations having to support the aged .
In relation to healthcare , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong stated in his National Day Rally Speech (Channel News Asia , 2009)  the development of step-down care and the strengthening of 3Ms (Medisave , Medishield and Medifund) .
The step-down care involves the government's support to the voluntary welfare organizations (VWOs) and linking community hospitals , nursing homes , general practitioners and home care together to cater to the aging population .
These policies would eventually apply to all individuals as aging is part of the human cycle .
Furthermore , it was recently announced that the government will be spending millions to encourage more people to upgrade or learn new skills by building training centres and providing training programmes (Channel News Asia , 2009) .
The government will also introduce  legislation in re-employment by 2012 (Ministry of Manpower , 2008) whereby the older workers will be able to remain active in the workforce for a longer period and save more money for their retirement .
Thus , public spending in these three important aspects of finance , healthcare and employment would be beneficial to everyone .
All in all , it is important that the government addresses  the needs and issues of the aging population .
More public spending on the aged is critical as this expenditure on implementation of policies or infrastructures would be an advantage to all .
Finally , this would also ease the impact of an aging population on the economy and society to the minimum .
Reference:
Angelique , Chan .
(2001) .
Singapore's Changing Structure and the Policy Implications for Financial Security , Employment , Living Arrangements and Health Care .
Retrieved September 7 , 2009 , from http://www .populationasia .org/Publications/RP/AMCRP3 .pdf
Barbara , Cire .
(2009) .
Unprecedented Global Aging Examined in New Census Bureau Report Commissioned by the National Institute on Aging .
Retrieved September 9 , 2009 , from http://www .nia .nih .gov/NewsAndEvents/PressReleases/20090720global .htm
Megawati , Wijaya .
(2009 , August 27) .
Singapore faces a 'silver tsunami' .
Asia Times .
Retrieved September 7 , 2009 , from http://www .atimes .com/atimes/Southeast_Asia/KH27Ae01 .html
Central Provident Fund Board .
(2009) .
Healthcare Financing Framework In Singapore .
Retrieved September 7 , 2009 , from http://mycpf .cpf .gov .sg/CPF/my- cpf/Healthcare/PvdHC2 .htm
With a paradigm shift in many countries towards a greying population , many governments are confronted with the responsibility of implementing policies that assist the ageing process .
The elderly often face emotional , mental and physical problems and if these issues are not addressed , there will be economic and social implications for the country .
Different countries respond to this problem differently and the ease with which the elderly are living their lives is evidence of the creative policies that many governments have introduced to benefit them .
As with countries face the daunting task of ensuring that the needs of their elderly population are met , Singapore is not spared .
The government estimates that by the year 2030 , 23% of its population will be over the age of 65 (Wijaya , 2009) .
Among the various policies introduced to allow the elderly to have an easier time aging include housing , employability and healthcare which will help to ease their ageing process .
Enhancing the employability of elderly workers by improving skills and retraining elder workers ensures that they have the relevant skills to take on different jobs should the need arise .
The government has also encouraged employers to be more welcoming in employing the elderly .
One such example is the Tripartite Committee which introduced the ADVANTAGE !
scheme in 2005 (Minister Gan Kim Yong , Acting  ,Minister for Manpower , 2009) .
This scheme was introduced to support companies to recruit and retain older workers as well as to re-employ them beyond age of 62 .
This ensures that companies are willing to review their work process to cater to older workers .
By introducing such policies , the government ensures that the elderly do not have to be afraid that they might face difficulties at work with rising competition from the younger generations .
Housing has always been a key issue for elderly during their years of retirement .
The government thus introduced the Lease Buy Back scheme in 2009 .
Through Singapore's successful CPF scheme , many elderly have been able to become flat owners .
They may be asset-rich but many are cash poor .
Therefore the government introduced the Lease Buy Back Scheme this year to ease cash flow .
This scheme allows the government to buy back the HDB flats of the elderly by first giving them a lump sum payment of $5000 and a monthly income for the rest of their lives (Chen , 2009) .
This eases the burden of the old as they are ensured they receive money every month .
As with old age , there is always a possibility of illness .
Therefore the government has introduced holistic affordable healthcare and eldercare .
Singapore's government introduced Singapore workforce skills qualification (WSQ) to train more than 900 therapy assistants and patient service assistant over the next three years (Minister Gan Kim Yong , Acting Minister for Manpower , 2009) .
These training programmes ensure that the elderly are properly cared for with upmost professionalism and efficiency to make certain that they do not face any obstacles .
Furthermore when the elderly are in good care of such trained professionals , families do not have to burden themselves with worry the of whether the safety and wellbeing of their elderly is being taken care of .
As much as government policies have been beneficial to the elderly , critics may state that by increasing the age when elderly can withdraw their CPF , the government is taking away a good few years away from the elderly which can be spent either relaxing , holidaying or purchasing something they have yearned for .
While this may be true , it is essential to remember that these retirement funds are meant to last the elderly till the end of their lives .
The earlier they receive the funds , the more the likelihood the funds may be depleted well before their actual intended duration of use .
Thus the intention of the government to increase the CPF withdrawal age has proved to be a wise decision .
In conclusion , it is of upmost importance that the government keeps coming up with new and improved policies to ensure that our elderly stay active for as long as possible and are able to fruitfully enjoy their old age .
It is only through policies such as these that the elderly will ensure that our future generations do not have to fear the process of ageing as they are certain that with continuous implementation of such policies , growing old would be a graceful process .
Singapore: The fact that the majority of the elderly is reliant on their children for financial support still remains .
In 2005 , it was 31 .9% among those aged 55 to 64 , 55 .8% for those aged 65 to 74 and 63 .7% for those aged 75 years and above .
Shockingly , the age-support ratio has declined from 10 .4 in 1998 to 8 .4 in 2008 , resulting in a situation in which the current caregiver generation has fewer or no siblings with whom to share the burden .
Furthermore , the percentage of elderly persons aged 65 and above has increased from 6 .8% in 1998 to 8 .7% in 2008 .
Thus , the government has to critically consider these worrying demographic changes and allocate a satisfactory portion of the national budget to lighten the burden of the caregiver generation .
The first approach to reduce elder dependency is to ease barriers to elder employment and encourage the elderly to work longer and retire later (Peterson , 2001) .
According to a national survey conducted in 2005 , more than half (65 .9%) of the elderly population aged 55 and above were economically inactive .
The main reasons included retirement and a drop in their fitness and agility levels .
It was reported that the government will be raising the current retirement age of 62 to 65 by 2012 and ultimately to 67 and has also made amendments to the Retirement Age Act which increases the employability of elderly workers .
By working longer and saving more , the elderly can build up their retirement nest egg much faster than before .
Reuters , (2007 , August 19) .
Singapore to raise retirement age to 65 by 2012 Retrieved 17 September 2009 , from http://business .inquirer .net/money/breakingnews/view/20070819- 83520/Singapore_to_raise_retirement_age_to_65_by_2012
EnterpriseOne Retirement Age Act .
Retrieved 17 September 2009 from http://www .business .gov .sg/EOS/Templates/EOS- GenericContentTemplate .aspx ?NRMODE=Published&NRORIGINALURL=%2fEN%2fBusinessT opic%2fHiringNTraining%2fEmployersResponsibilities%2fLawsNRegulations%2fhiri ng_laws_retireact .htm&NRNODEGUID={EFFD1D9F-BE50-48B9-878D- A57B3AECE907}&NRCACHEHINT=Guest#2
Secondly , couples are encouraged to settle down early and set up families , hence , expanding the economy's size and tax base .
Meanwhile , the cost burden of providing for the elderly can be spread over a larger future generation .
(Peterson , 2001) However , the first barrier of starting a family among Singaporeans is the immense costs associated .
The housing policy alone affects the young couples' choices .
During the process of house-hunting , the initial excitement to starting a family among couples might to fade .
Bigger families require bigger homes at steep prices which force couples to reconsider  the decision to have more children .
Is it possible for a couple to purchase a spacious and comfortable place at an affordable price for a family of five ?
To make matters worse , if the retirement costs and providing for aged parents are added into the equation , having children will be the last thing on the couples' minds .
Last but not least , the strategy of emphasizing filial obligation and increasing the willingness of grown children (Peterson , 2001) is not an easy feat .
It is heartening to read that almost fourth-fifths of the elderly (76 .4% in 2005) live with their children .
However , the children are not always the party at fault .
In fact , there are some parents who do not welcome the prospect of having unmarried children in their 30s living with them as they have the perception that living with more people under the same roof requires some sacrifice of personal space and freedom .
The truth lies in the fact that singles below the age of 35 are not eligible to purchase resale flats and are not able to move out of "Hotel Mama" , their parents' flat .
In any case , humans tend to be self-centred and less obliged to give of their time beyond personal pursuits .
In any event when the government cuts down or eliminates welfare benefits due to rising elderly-related expenditure , it ought to bear in mind the net effects of such actions (Friedland and Summer , 2005) .
It is obvious that the daily lives of the families will be adversely affected and the living standards will deteriorate , particularly the low-income families .
Consequently , there will be a surge in family and social problems .
The children may isolate the fragile elderly , leading to higher suicide rates and psychological problems .
Bringing the issue closer to the government ,  by the citizens will plummet and they would rather render their support for opposition parties .
In essence , while the education and defence still remains as the government's priority , it does not simply mean that expenditure for elderly welfare can be diverted to other areas .
Bibliography
Peter G . Peterson (2001) , A Graying World
Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer (2005) , Doomsday Predications about Population Aging Are Exaggerated
Singapore Department of Statistics , Population trends 2008 .
Retrieved 17 September 2009 , from http://app .www .sg/data/usermedia/documents/population2008 .pdf
Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , The National Survey of Senior Citizens in Singapore 2005 .
Retrieved 17 September 2009 , from http://www .mcys .gov .sg/MCDSFiles/Resource/Materials/NSSC%202005 .pdf
Nowadays , the ills of old age" is no longer a topic that "only poets and philosophers" would be interested  in .
"Governments and policy makers are now confronted with the unprecedented problem of a fast an aging population ," claims Peter G . Peterson , (2001 , p66) .
Although problems related to aging population have become increasingly severe , with more  priority , governments should limit its spending on the aging population .
This is because of three reasons: an increasing spending in dealing with problems with regard to aging population would probably affect other objectives with higher priority; the  cannot solve the "ills of old age" alone; and the cost of unlimited spending on aging population cannot justify the benefits in the long run .
Secondly , the answer to the problem with regard to an an aging population should be the cooperation between the elders themselves and the government , not simply by a given priority in terms of unlimited government spending .
For example , the government could help in training elders and engaging them with more jobs .
A new welfare law with higher retirement ages could also be passed so that the elders would have more time to accumulate wealth in preparing for the future .
By doing so , government spending on aging population could be effectively reduced .
With larger part of welfare supported by elders themselves , more elder citizens would have access to limited government budget .
With a relatively higher income and a broader base of beneficiaries from the government financial support , the average elder citizen should be able to enjoy a better living quality .
Meanwhile , governments could invest more money in economic development , which is the governments' first priority , and generate more revenue to support the aging population in the future though a larger scale of economy instead of an unlimited percentage increase in government spending .
Last but not least , with an increasing aging population , the cost of easing aging-society problems through larger government spending cannot justify the benefits in the long run .
A government's first priority should be the economic development and the overall improvement of the citizens' life quality .
These goals cannot be achieved with most of the budget transferred to take care of the elders in the short run .
Thus , governments should deal with objectives with first priority and limit the budget for aging population .
In conclusion , it is clear that the problems generated by an aging population cannot be ignored .
However , government should limit the spending on aging population and take care of the objectives with higher priority first .
This is because , due to the limited budget , in order to make the cost justify the benefit for the whole society in the long run , governments have to ensure a growing economy through continuously invest in infrastructure and advance technology with most of its budget .
The problem with regard to aging population would eventually be eased through more financial support generated from a larger scale of economy instead of increasing the percentage cost of the budget and participation of the elders themselves .
''It is well known that our society is aging .
Media stories and political rhetoric abound concerning the impending demographic challenges as the population aged 65 and older is anticipated to more than double by the year 2030 ,'' (Friedland and Summer , 2005) .
An increase in the population of the aging group implies there will be more government spending on the  aged .
If the population of the aging group is still expanding , the national budget will soon be drained  by supporting the  aged group with welfare treatment .
The nation will be affected if this practice continues   .Therefore , the government should amend the policy by limiting public spending on the aged so that the money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development which will benefit the nation .
In my opinion , limited public spending on the aged enables the government to divert the money to other areas for the country's development  .
Money could be diverted to develop agriculture , medical and healthcare services , welfare program and others .
For example , the money can be used to support research such as research on hybrid seeds plant .
This will promote economic growth and increase the national income as introduction of hybrid seeds plant can increase the productivity of the crops .
There are criticisms that the  government's spending more money on the country's development will set aside the welfare of aging group .
However , if the government spends more money on the aging group , the country's development will become stagnant and imbalanced as there is a lack of funds to run the country's development projects .
if t public spending is diverted to other areas for country's development , the nation including the  aged will both gain benefits from the country's development and economic growth .
Besides that , there are other groups of population which need more money than the elderly such as the orphans , the handicapped and others .
These groups of people have to struggle for their living resources and cost of living as they are vulnerable in the society .
Often , the handicapped can hardly make a stand in applying for a job if they are to compete with the others because of their physical weaknesses and lack of living skills .
public spending will come in handy to support their living .
Some may argue that the  aged need more money as they are unable to earn income to support their living .
However , the  aged are still be able to be involved in the work field by extending their working lives and accumulating wealth for their later years .
In  contrast , the handicapped can hardly get a job , not to mention that they can accumulate wealth through working .
Therefore public spending should be diverted to other areas to help the needy and unfortunate .
Furthermore , limited public spending on the elderly can encourage the grown-up children to take up their filial responsibility .
If the government reduces public spending on elders , those whose living cost depends on the public spending have to rely on their children for support .
In the past , the elders have worked hard to raise their children and provide the best for their children .
Hence , the grown children should appreciate their upbringing and take good care of them in return .
There may be opposing views which claims that the grown children do not have much money to support the elderly as they have their own families to support .
Nevertheless , the grown children can actually do some adjustments to their monthly expenditure by practicing cost saving to have sufficient money to support their own family and their elder's living cost .
This will increase the willingness of the grown children to take care of their parents and realize their obligation to their parents .
In a nutshell , government should change their mindset and policy in order to meet the modern challenges .
Policy maker should limit public spending on the aged and divert money to other country's development to maintain a balance development of the country .
Or else , the country development would be stagnant and the nation would not have to live in a comfortable life .
If the government helps the senior citizens with public spending by constraining the fiscal cost on other areas of country development , the government would actually put the country in a straggling condition .
Due to poor fertility rates and late marriages , the government is now confronted with the problem of an aging population .
This is a phenomenon with dire consequences , such as having to direct large amounts of money to take care of the elderly .
Examples include a need to build facilities that are elderly-friendly and heavy subsidizing  their medical fees due to their poor health and low income .
Although forking out a lump sum of money for medical fees is inevitable , the government should not neglect the economic growth of the country .
Thus funding for the elderly medical fees should be limited so as to divert funds to other areas which are more necessary for improvement .
We cannot deny the fact that what we have today is a result of the hard work of the elderly in their prime years .
It is only right that the government takes care of them , and spends vast amounts of money on them with no questions asked .
Critics of this approach have argued that if the government continues spending , more tax will be imposed on each working individual and elder dependency will rise .
It would be very stressful for them , having to keep up with both the pace of work and tax expenses .
Furthermore , there are key areas such as tourism , education and technology which will produce significant results if enough resources are channeled to them .
Other than the government spending  , there are other alternatives which can be implemented to remedy the situation .
Firstly , it is through stressing filial obligation and increasing the willingness of tomorrow's grown children , however numerous or productive  , to support their own elderly parents through informal and familial channels .
(Peterson .P , 2001) .
This is a social responsibility for each working individual , and it is often easier to get people to be socially responsible than to increase their tax contributions .
The government should give incentives to children who live near their parents , such as cheaper housing , or give priority to them when allocating flats .
Secondly , it is by requiring people to provide in advance for their own old-age dependency .
They should be encouraged or compelled by law to save and invest more of their income earned while they are active in the work force .
(Paterson ,P . ,2001 2001) .
Minor monthly contributions made during their working years will definitely accumulate to a substantial pool of wealth for their retirement days .
Diverting funds to other more vital areas of improvements has its benefits too .
Firstly , there will be economic growth and country prosperity .
Singapore has strived hard to achieve the status as a tourism hub , and the revenue that could be generated from it alone should never be overlooked .
Therefore , if more funds are diverted to it instead of to the  elderly , there is no doubt that the country will experience tremendous economic growth and be prosperous .
Secondly , the future workforce of the country will be very productive .
A productive workforce is often defined as one which possesses the best qualifications , and education emphasis is the only way to go about it .
Thus , expanding the current budget on education will surely result in a larger and more affluent generation in the future .
Spending on the elderly is necessary , and it could be done on a ration basis .
We've discussed the far-reaching effects of diverting to other more vital areas of improvement and it outweighs any existing issues .
There are also other available alternatives which could be implemented to deal with the medical needs of the elderly , such as stressing filial obligations and introducing retirement schemes .
The limit , however , should be duly considered by the government in line with its current policies .
In a survey conducted by Manpower Incorporated , 40% of global leaders felt that introducing population was to be one of the most crucial problems in the future (AARP Multinational Survey of Opinion Leaders 2006 , March 2007) .
Thus it comes as no surprise that governments around the world have stepped up their efforts to alleviate the effects of global aging .
The social policies adopted have greatly introduced the older population into the workforce and the volunteering sector , thus keeping them actively involved in the community and easing the aging process to a large extent .
Firstly , governments have reduced the dangers of an ageing population by encouraging retirees to participate actively in volunteering (MCYS Media Release No .
03/2008) to increase their mental alertness and at the same time tap on their wisdom to aid the community .
However , critics argue that citizens are unaware of these volunteering opportunities .
Also , they contend that most would be unwilling to volunteer during their 'golden years' , thus wasting the government's efforts to increase volunteering opportunities for the elder population .
This claim is flawed as the government has been stepping up its efforts to increase awareness of elder volunteerism through public campaigns and functions .
Fairs have also been organised to encourage active ageing through volunteerism (MCYS Media Release No .
03/2008) .
As a result , there has been a rising number of senior volunteers over the years .
The Retired and Senior Volunteers Programme (RSVP) is an example of an avenue that provides opportunities for retirees to volunteer and use their skills to help others and also nurture new skills along the way .
To date , it has over 500 , 000 volunteers (Senior corps , electronic reference) , thus proving wrong the notion that people are unaware and uninterested to volunteer in their 'golden years' .
The high membership is testimony to the fact that volunteering will give the elderly spiritual fulfillment in their later years .
Secondly , governments in affected countries have introduced incentives to encourage companies to hire and retrain older workers , thus boosting the workforce and easing the aging process .
This will ensure that the huge older population can contribute effectively to the workforce .
Also , they will be able to accumulate more savings and not be over-reliant on the government for pension benefits .
This policy has been effective as surveys have proved that with the retraining and incentives to hire older workers put in place , employers have been increasingly open about hiring older workers .
According to a survey conducted by Manpower Incorporated in October 2006 , 48% and 43% of employers had strategies to hire and preserve older Singaporean workers respectively , whereas in Japan , 83% of employers had strategies to preserve older workers .
This proves that the governments' strategies to promote the hiring of older workers into the workforce have been effective .
According to  Singapore's Ministerial Committee on Ageing (MCA) , employment of Singapore citizens aged 55 to 64 increased from 53 .7% in 2006 to 56 .2% in 2007 (MCYS Media Release No .
03/2008) .
This shows that the retraining of skills have indeed helped older workers to become more productive leading to the increased willingness of employers to hire them .
Lastly , the Singapore government has been encouraging citizens to retire later to accumulate more savings .
As a result , Singaporean working males aged 60 to 64 increased from 49% in 1996 to 63% in 2006 , while the number of  females increased from 15% to 26% (Ministry of Manpower Press Release , 22/2/07) .
This proves that the government's promotion of a longer working life have effectively influenced the mindset and convinced the older population to contribute to the workforce for a longer period of time .
Fiscal cost that was previously used to distribute pension benefits to retirees could now be diverted to funding retraining programmes and monetary incentives to companies to hire and retrain older workers , thus further boosting the economy .
As seen from the above , current social policies adopted by the government have indeed alleviated the ageing process significantly .
The elder population , equipped with better skills , now has greater ability to contribute to the workforce .
Companies , with increased cash grants from the government , can now afford to retrain and hire older workers .
Also , senior volunteer opportunities are abound to effectively tap on the skills of retirees and ensure their mental well-being .
Facing an ageing population , the Singapore government had done research and development to improve the ageing process .
This is so that we will be able to harness the social possibilities , while at the same time , prepare to tackle challenges arising from the ageing population .
The ageing process brings to mind deteriorating health  which requires lots of medical attention .
To make matters worse , social problems such as disrespectfulness and the lack of filial piety among the younger generations arises .
This would lead to emotional problems , where an elderly feels like the "leftover of society" .
Gerard Ee , chairman of Council for Third Age said , we have to deal with housing , health , financial needs and accessibility before older people can be fully integrated into society .
Singapore has looked into the development of infrastructure to create a barrier free society for the elderly .
The main areas of concerns were the Housing Development Board (HDB) precincts and public transport island wide .
Firstly , the government  launched the Lift Upgrading Programme for the benefit of flat owners without direct access to lifts .
By doing so , elderly can then conveniently leave their HDB homes to access shops and services within the precinct (HDB , 2001) .
Next , new buses are now designed with low floors step-free and wheelchair accessible .
According to the Committee of Aging Issues (CAI) , a barrier free environment is important to allow senior citizens to live independently and move out into the community to participate actively in society (CAI , 2006) .
The newly designed buses complement the elder friendly Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) systems , making Singapore an accessible city for all .
Hence , today's elderly has unobstructed access from homes to public amenities , communal and recreational facilities .
In recognition of what the government has done , people have begun to ask if these improvements could really ease the ageing process .
Now elderly are given more access to the public , but the ultimate choice still lies with them .
What could be hindering the decision is their children's disapproval or even themselves .
This is the case as most people will agree that elderly are not able to take care of themselves outside .
We cannot deny the fact that they require more response time and have certain constraints in physical movements .
A little carelessness on the road could cause accidents , thus creating more burdens to their love ones .
Also , they are usually the victims of crime .
However , the government has been creating awareness on looking out for each other especially the elderly in society .
For example , from young , schools teach civic and moral education to educate us on how to take care of the elderly , to be patient with them , to respect them and even offer help to them .
Television programs such as Crime Watch also increases the knowledge of elderly to be wary of conmen and to prevent crime by not wearing excessive valuables .
The second area of research and development is on dementia .
Researchers found that people who retired later are able to avoid Alzheimer's disease longer than people who retired earlier (The Straits Times , 2009) .
The first way of tackling this issue is to raise the retirement age to 62 years old .
This not only keeps the elderly mind active , it also helps them to cope financially with rising medical costs and brings in self-satisfaction for being able to contribute to the society .
Secondly , CAI emphasizes  having strong family ties across generations to ensure that the family continues to be the first line of support .
This is essential to the elderly so they will not feel so helpless and unwanted .
Lastly , the Government has also encouraged activities and interactions by setting up elderly corners at void decks with facilities such as chess tables .
The aim is to prevent the elderly from shutting themselves out of the society , resulting in mind-robbing Alzheimer's disease .
In conclusion , the current research and development approaches adopted by the Singapore Government are helpful to a large extent in easing the ageing process .
With the development of infrastructure and medical field as mentioned above , these problems are better handled .
The elderly can now move around independently and conveniently , decreasing the burden on working adults .
The aging population has been an ongoing problem in  countries over the world .
It is not much of a difference in Singapore as the Strait Times (2009) stated that there has been an increase in the aging population to about 300 ,000 people who are over the age of 65 today and this figure is expected to increase to 900 ,000 by 2030 .
This shows that more attention is required for the aging population  to prepare it to embrace these elderly in the near future .
Hence , the public spending on the aged should not be limited and  be spent on other areas of the country's development as the money is needed for the healthcare and financial needs needsr the aged .
As one gets older , one is more vulnerable to illness which explains the need of spending on the healthcare industry .
In the CIA factbook (2009) , the life expectancy for Singapore is 81 .98 years , which is ranked fourth in the world .
This means that the aged would live longer and drain their family's and their own savings as the hospital fees are costly and thus more subsidies are required (Friedland & Summer , 2005 , p .g .17) .
Moreover , money is also needed to provide the prevention and screenings programmes for the elderly and to educate them about the benefits of having a healthy lifestyle and ways to stay healthy .
These screenings can also help to identify potential health problems that they might have and get them to seek treatment before it worsens and disrupts their daily activities .
Hence , spending on elderly healthcare is necessary as it helps to educate the elderly on the importance of a healthy lifestyle while reducing the burden on the elderly and their family for the costly healthcare services .
Moreover , there is a high chance that the elderly may use up their retirement savings on healthcare and daily necessities despite the implementation of Central Provident Fund (CPF) to lessen their burden .
Dr Ng (2007) stated that CPF members would also use up their CPF account in time due to the higher standard of living in the future .
In addition , based on Statistic Singapore (2008) , the old age support ratio has decreased from 11 .8 in 1990 to 8 .4 in 2008 .
This shows that there are fewer young working adults to support the elderly .
It also signifies that the elderly has to either prolong retirement or increase their saving in order to support themselves after retirement .
Therefore , retraining is needed for the elderly as through  retraining , they can upgrade their skills and adapt to the demanding working environment to save  for the future and contribute to the economy .
Hence , spending on pension and retraining for the elderly is essential and should not be limited as it aids them in being financially independent after retirement .
On the other hand , money is also needed in the other areas of development like education .
Education plays an important part in the country's development and growth as it helps in nurturing the young who are the country's future .
Thus , the expenditure on education is also important instead of focusing on the aging population .
Nevertheless , the Ministry of Finance (2009) had stated that they are planning to provide quality education by setting aside $4 .4 billion for basic education for the young and $3 .5 billion for the higher educational institutions like the polytechnics and universities .
This is in the hope of improving the education sector and nurture the young better for the future of Singapore .
Moreover , the Ministry of Education (2009) had also stated that the budget for education had increased by 5 .5% .
Hence , this shows that despite the increase in the spending for the aged , it does not mean that the other areas of development will be neglected as each development plays an important part in the growth of the country .
In conclusion , spending on the aged should not be limited due to costly healthcare expenses and limited retirement saving for the future .
These expenditures can help to improve the lifestyle of elderly and being healthy the elderly will be able to prolong their retirement which in turn helps in improving the economy .
Hence , not only the country but its people will also benefit from the economic growth .
27 .3% of Singapore's GDP (Gross Domestic Product) is attributed to the manufacturing sector (Nah , March 2006) .
The manufacturing industry in Singapore is one of the important growth engines of the economy .
A large amount of money is diverted to the R&D (Research & Development) sector to give Singapore a competitive edge over its competitors .
But this has resulted in uproars from the people and they claim that more resources should be diverted into the welfare schemes for the aged instead .
So , who is defined as the aged ?
Currently there is no fixed age group where the aged is clearly defined .
Regardless of how the aged is defined , no human is able to survive without money in this current world .
Therefore in order for the aged to be better off , the Singapore economy has to be constantly growing and this can be achieved by diverting more resources into our R&D sector so the local products will be greatly differentiated and value added .
There is a common misconception that most welfare states end up being in debt and the people have a higher tendency to be over-reliant .
However there are no statistics to show that higher government expenditure on the social welfare leads to lower growth and lower productivity .
Well known welfare states such as Germany and Denmark do not necessarily do better or worse  economically than countries which have limited social expenditure such as Japan .
Denmark's welfare expenditure contributes to 37 .9% of the nation's GDP and the GDP per capita (PPPUS$) is $37 ,265 whereas Japan's welfare expenditure contributes to 16 .9% of the nation's GDP and its GDP per capita (PPPUS$) is $38 ,559 (Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development [OECD] 2001) .
From these statistics , we can conclude that it is also possible for Singapore to learn from these success stories and increase welfare expenditure while achieving economic growth at the same time .
Singapore is different from the welfare states in Europe such as Germany and Denmark .
Singapore is practicing the open market policy and thus is more susceptible to external factors .
A recent example would be when the United States's economy fell during the credit crisis , Singapore was badly impacted by the recession .
One of the major growth engines in the Singapore's economy is the manufacturing sector .
Unlike China which has abundance in labour , Singapore on the other hand has little natural resources and is unable to compete with China on a large scale .
(Singapore , a small country with limited resources can outperform others by) distinguishing our manufacturing goods by investing more money to invent cutting edge technology , to increase efficiency , to make our products unique and competitive in the market .
In order to finance the current schemes in Singapore , the economy has to be growing first so that it could support its schemes .
Currently Government Health Expenditure has been limited at 0 .9% from 2005 to 2007(Ministry of Health [MOH] , 2001) .
Since Government Health Expenditure is capped at a percentage of GDP regardless of boom or bust in the economy , therefore the amount of money diverted to Health Expenditure in a bullish economy is higher than when it is during a bearish economy .
As the saying goes "Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day .
Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime" This is especially true for the senior citizens whose skills are outdated in the current society but have an able body to earn an income for themselves .
Instead of diverting resources to finance the welfare schemes , the government should instead divert resources into retraining and integrating the senior citizens back into the work force .
Senior citizens possess a large amount of experience which is valuable to the younger generation now , thus they are more of an asset than a liability .
"For every working adult in Singapore , He/She has to support 8 .4 elderly residents aged 65 years and above (Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports [MCYS] 2008) .
Therefore to ease the burden on the younger generation who has to support the post baby boomers as they approach their retirement years , it would be a win-win situation if we integrate senior citizens back into the work force .
As countries differ both ideologically and geographically , there is no one solution that solves the current situation of an aging population .
Thus with different government's goals , the solution will be adjusted to suit the country .
But in Singapore's context , Singapore does not have any natural resources and (we) dependent on innovation and creativity to gain an advantage over its competitors .
In order to finance these welfare programs , we need to divert resources to other areas in order to have continuous growth in Singapore .
However government intervention alone is insufficient to finance the welfare schemes alone .
Thus it has included private charity organization such as National Council of Social Service (NCSS) to attend to the needs of the aged and the needy together with the help of the government .
Most importantly is the care and concern from the family which is vital to the well being of the elderly .
The aging process of the elderly is an on-going problem , as the first batch of baby boomers will reach 65 by 2012 .
"The number of elderly aged 65 and above is one out of every 12 Singaporeans .
By 2030 , it will be one out of five ."
(Building Construction Authority [BCA] , 2008) .
In view of this growing trend , government agencies and local service providers came out with some very innovative and creative designs to ease the everyday life of elderly .
The BCA has acknowledged the aging problems in Singapore and released a series of Home improvement designs to cater to the needs of an aging population in Singapore .
Those designs include the manoeuvring space for wheel chair bound elderly , visuals and vibration door bells for elderly with hearing impairment and additional safety features like emergency bells in toilets .
All these features will enhance the life of the elderly as they can perform daily duties with ease .
These also allow the elderly to be independent as they no longer need to rely on others' help in their daily life .
Bus service provider SBS transit took the lead to introduce the elderly and handicap friendly buses in 2007 .
The low floor and zero stepped bus is an initiative by the SBS to ease the travelling journey for the elderly .
"This means that the elderly and other less mobile passengers will be able to board and alight easily .
This is especially important given Singapore's ageing population ."
(SBS Transit , 2007) .
It is an important innovation by  transport company , as it showcases its determination to improve the local transport facilities to facilitate the transportation for the ones with special needs .
Land Transport Authority (LTA) did their part by introducing the new elderly- friendly traffic system in March 2009 .
Making use of the new Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology , "Traffic lights will open their eyes to keep a look out for elderly pedestrians" (LTA , 2009) .
With the new technology , traffic lights will detect any/an elderly that's still crossing the roads and adjust the timing accordingly .
With this system in place , fewer traffic accidents involving slower moving elderly are expected , as it allows the elderly to finish crossing before the drivers are signalled to go .
Preliminary rounds of test involving 30 elderly pedestrians show that the new system is welcomed by the elderly .
In this economy driven society , taking too much of the public's resources to support the elderly does not bode well for the future of the country .
Therefore , placing a cap on  public spending to support the aged should be implemented .
By limiting the resources used on the aged , other developments of the country can be better financed in order to drive the country forward .
The public spending used for the elderly such as healthcare , pension and welfare programs can be diverted into development sectors instead .
For example , the education for our youths , the nurturing of the country's youth is more important as these are the people who will eventually be the ones to carry the responsibility of maintaining the economic state of the country and to ensure a brighter future for her people .
A total budget of $8 ,701 million has been voted to MOE in FY2009 (Singapore Budget , 2009) , most of which goes into the subsidising of school fees for local students .
This ensures that Singapore youngsters get a chance at education regardless of their financial status .
By exposing every possible citizen to education , Singapore then , will she be able to continue in development .
Singapore being a resource scarce country , the only resource we can make use of is our people .
Therefore funds should go into the upbringing of the people who are able to drive the country forward in the future .
On the other hand , as mentioned , in this economy driven world , it would be impractical to focus our finances on the people who are no longer efficient in what they used to do .
The country will simply be burdened by placing more funds into rewarding or simply sustaining the elderly .
They should have had savings in either the form of cash or CPF to sustain them , alongside with subsides from the government to help loosen the dependency on others for help .
The rewarding of the elderly does not push the country forward , whereas it is the upbringing of our youth that will ensure a future for our country .
There is too much human factor involved when it comes to whether elders should get more funds to help them cope in their latter days , which should not be part of any equation when other development sectors can benefit instead .
In sum , the limitation of public spending on the elderly and diverting it to other developments would serve well in driving the country forward .
On one hand it is only moral that they are well taken care because of the fact that they are the ones who contributed to the society before a new generation took over , while on the other hand  allocating more public spending to them would hinder the growth of the country as a whole .
Trading the future for the past is simply not a practical choice .
Resources
Security and External Relation .
(2009) .
Retrieved September 20 , 2009 , from Singapore Budget Web site: {http://www .singaporebudget .gov .sg/expenditure_overview/security_external_relations .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .singaporebudget .gov .sg/expenditure_overview/security_external_relations .html]
Singapore has one of the fastest aging populations in the world , with people over 65 years old estimated by 2030 to make up 23% of the population , making Singapore the country with the second highest percentage of this age group in Asia just behind Japan (Asia Times , 2009) .
With the growing number of the aged in Singapore , the government should establish its bottom line for financing public healthcare for the elderly .
However , the government should also plan and allocate its expenditures on other areas appropriately in order to fuel the country's development .
A country cannot afford to spend too much on the elderly because of practical realities .
Some people think that the government has a moral obligation to do all that it can to support the elderly .
The high standard of living in many developed countries causes greater difficulties for working adults to support their parents' medical expenses and still take care of their children's needs .
In addition , rising medical cost makes it more imperative for the elderly to receive help in order to support their medical needs in the future .
However , this is not a practicable solution .
Other than the elderly , there are also other groups of people equally in need of the government support to help them .
People like the handicapped , intellectually disabled and single mothers also experience great difficulty in living in Singapore where cost of living is relatively high .
The government should spread out its public spending to the various groups of people in need instead of just focusing on the elderly .
The government's moral obligation should not be supporting the elderly only .
Technology is an important area of development that will benefit everyone in the country .
Increasing public spending on technology would lead to an increased activity in Research and Development (R&D) and new advancement in technology .
Certain new innovations brought about by the rise of R&D activities would in turn help the needy people improve their living standards .
Some examples are the invention of a robot that is able to do household chores and the modification of public buses that can accommodate the elderly and the handicapped .
Advancement in technology will also attract more investors and business opportunities to the country that will contribute to the country's economic growth .
Investing in technology would not just benefit the needy people but also the people as a whole in the country .
Military spending is crucial in maintaining an 'insurance policy' with no buffer zone against potential aggressors .
In 2009 , more than a quarter of the country's expenditure , or $11 .4 billion , had been directed to defence - an increase of 5 .6 per cent over the previous year's budget (Singapore Budget , 2009) .
This has shown the importance the government places on the Singapore defence .
Singapore sees terrorism as one of the biggest threats to its security and economy .
Attacks in recent years in the United States and neighbouring countries such as Indonesia have prompted it to increase its vigilance against similar risks .
With the threat of terrorism intensifying , Singapore should never let its guard down but invest more on its defence in order to be more vigilant .
Military spending should be  one of the top priorities of the government as it concerns the safety and security of everybody in Singapore .
In summation , it is important that the government continue to provide financial assistance for the elderly due to the increasing number of senior citizens .
However , this public spending should not be done at the expense of other expenditures that concern the country as a whole such as technology and defence .
Investing in technology and defence will eventually benefit everyone in Singapore including the elderly and other people in need in terms of better living condition and greater security .
Singapore government should continue to be cautious about how it allocates its expenditure such that it will bring the utmost profit to the country .
Resources:
Asia Times .
(2009) .
Singapore faces 'silver tsunami' .
Retrieved September 14 , 2009 , from Singapore Democrats Web site: {http://yoursdp .org/index .php/news/singapore/2733-singapore-faces-silver-tsunami}[HYPERLINK: http://yoursdp .org/index .php/news/singapore/2733-singapore-faces-silver-tsunami]
Security and External Relation .
(2009) .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from Singapore Budget Web site: {http://www .singaporebudget .gov .sg/expenditure_overview/security_external_relations .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .singaporebudget .gov .sg/expenditure_overview/security_external_relations .html]
To begin with , the current global economic climate is not helping matters much .
Therefore , firstly , money should be diverted to the economic sector , for the  stimulation of the domestic economy .
For example , the $20 .5 billion resilience package announced by the government of Singapore is intended to save jobs by helping valuable companies survive the recession , prepare for the near future , increase the competitiveness of the country and prevent a further slump in the economy (The Online Citizen , 2009) .
assistance schemes such as the 'GST' offsets , rebates , service and conservancy charge rebates serve to act as a stimulus for the country in the hope that the people will spend more to keep the economy afloat .
In the face of such a situation , spending on the aged is of least priority .
The second way in which money can be diverted into the economy is through spending on infrastructure .
Banking , communication and transportation are just some examples of infrastructure that a country needs to invest in to stay ahead in the age of globalisation .
Such investments will provide stability to the country in the long-run as it increases the confidence of potential investors .
Investments in communication and transportation make the country more 'accessible' , hence promoting both local and overseas investments .
However , on the other hand , critics argue that the economic growth alone does not dictate a country's development .
They claim that spending on the aged is as important .
According to Peter G . Peterson (2001) , "demographic changes such as the increasing population of the aged will have a serious consequence on healthcare issues in developed countries" and he also goes on to advocate ways to spend on healthcare .
But if this spending can be alternatively channelled into other sectors of the country's development , such as infrastructure and domestic economy as mentioned above , the country will achieve long-term success and stability .
Hence , the demographics of a country alone does not determine its destiny .
Therefore , public spending should be spent on a country's economic development .
Another way in which money can be well spent on the country's development would be to spend on societal needs such as education and general healthcare .
As the saying goes , "knowledge is power" and rightly so .
Singapore was able to pull itself out of the rut from a third world country to a first world country in one generation due to its focus on well utilised human resource .
And the main contributor was education .
Public spending on education accounts for 19 .3% of the total budget and is second in terms of priority in spending only to defence (Singapore Budget , 2006) .
A well educated society will always be at an advantage and this will act as a catalyst for further growth in several other sectors in Singapore's economy .
Hence , a knowledge based economy will propel the nation into societal development .
The flipside to this issue is that , sectors such as healthcare play an important role in a country's societal development too .
Public spending on aged healthcare accounts for the bulk of the spending which is precisely why it should be limited .
Children of the aged should be given more responsibility for shouldering the financial needs of their parents rather than the government .
This allows money to be spent on more pertinent sectors such as education which has been a traditional source of growth for Singapore .
Hence , public spending on the economy and other aspects of society outweigh spending on the aged as money can be better utilized elsewhere for a country's development .
A failure in proper public spending would therefore cripple the country and its development .
The issue of a graying population was highlighted in Mehta and Wee (2004) , who reported that one out of four Singaporeans will be 60 years and above by 2030 .
(p .105) .
In other words , there will be a significant portion of the nation's populace being senior citizens in the near future .
To facilitate the aging process , the Singapore government has since build on existing policies as well as developed new ones that are pertinent to the current society .
First and foremost , as Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports has announced , a law was revised in 1996 for aged parents to seek maintenance from their children , who are capable of supporting them and yet unwilling to do so .
In this aspect , the government is entirely supportive of children fulfilling their filial obligations .
The law advocates that adult children  care for their aged parents instead of leaving them alone by themselves to integrate with the society and find their means of survival .
This was further supported by Peterson (2001) who has also brought up the concept of children's responsibility in maintaining elderly parents .
(p .6) .
Secondly , the Central Provident Fund (CPF) was cleverly devised as a social safety net for every Singaporean adult and his or her family members who are reliant on them .
Every month , a portion of the individual's income goes into the CPF .
The total sum will then be released to the individual on monthly basis once he or she is above 60 years old and is no longer working until the sum is exhausted .
This will then aid the retirement process .
In fact in Mehta and Wee (2004) , when a minimum amount of money is used to buy a life annuity from an official insurance company or bank , the retiree will obtain a flat monthly income for life even if he or she outlives the balance in the annuity account .
(p .96) .
A MediShield scheme is also part of CPF where money can be utilized for part of the hospital bills and costly medical expenses .
In spite of the CPF being in favour for retirees or to alleviate medical expenses incurred , not everyone in the Singapore population would stand to gain from it .
In the society , there is still a fraction who remain jobless or whose jobs do not provide a steady contribution to the CPF .
This means that upon retirement , there will be those who are not entitled to receive a fixed amount monthly or be subsidized partially for their healthcare expenditure .
As age increases , chronic illnesses inevitably rise alongside and the burden of medical cost may simply be too much for one to bear .
To make matters worse , treatment of illnesses goes beyond long hospital stays; it stretches on after discharge and includes the need for rehabilitation , medication and so on .
Unfortunately , amidst the other expenditures such as housing rentals and utilities bills , families usually opt to decline treatment or even ignore their chronically ill parents .
In fact , there are even cases where adult children abandon their parents in nursing homes to fend for themselves .
On the other side of the coin , as in Mehta and Wee (2004) , the PAP government has promised that no Singaporean will be deprived of basic hospital care even if he or she is incapable of paying for it .
(p .99) .
Thus , a MediFund scheme which is not part of CPF and is non-contributory was devised .
The fund comes from  the government budgetary surpluses .
Additionally , the government has also provided a sum of $30 million for National Council of Social Services (NCSS) and those under its umbrella to execute a range of social services .
These finances will definitely relieve the burdens shouldered by individuals without the CPF .
Social workers are also planted in the society who can direct families to appropriate helplines for instance , the rent and utilities assistance scheme (RUAS) whenever the need arises .
Therefore , in any area where individuals require assistance , be it medical affairs or retirement issues , there is always a policy or two which one can turn to for alleviation of one's current situation .
Indeed , the government has come up with numerous policies and measures to help smooth the process of aging .
A fast aging population is an issue that most countries including Singapore cannot avoid .
Several problems which relate to the issue include health , financial and welfare problems of the elderly have come under the concern of the government .
Solutions such as having different subsidy frameworks for community hospitals to help patients to cope with the expensive bills (Ministry of Health [MOH] , 2009) and monthly Transport allowance for the elderly who visit day-care centres (Lin , 2008) were implemented to ease the tension that fast aging has brought to the low-income elderly .
A decrease in the labour force due to retiring workers and the need to provide the elderly with a place to stay are the issues that the Singapore government is working on now .
Fast ageing in Singapore has certainly affected its labour market as the  retirement rate increases .
A research report done by the Ministry of Manpower Singapore in year 1999 showed that in year 2020 proportion of the elderly will be increased to 32% compared to 16% in 1998 (Ministry of Manpower [MOM] , 1999) .
This implies that there will be a labour shortage of experienced workers who are able to contribute to the labour force after they have retired .
For example , new workers who are hired to fill the vacancy of the retired workers often lack experience and knowledge .
As a result , the workers might not be able to complete the task due to their minimum knowledge and skills; therefore , , the functioning of the company will be affected (MOM , 1999) .
One of the solutions to minimize the impact of labour shortage could be to re-employ the retired workers and allow them to guide the new workers on the job as well as share their working experience that will benefit the new workers .
Providing shelter to the single or low-income elderly is one of the priorities in the housing estate development program .
Single or low-income elderly could choose to rent a flat from the Housing Development Board (HDB) or downgrade their current flat to a smaller one as this will allow the elderly to have extra cash for them to spend after their retirement .
HDB will also be building more compact and affordable 30-year lease studio apartments to cater to the demand for the elderly  aged 55 and above (Tan , 2009) .
Besides that , more HDB rental flats will also be upgraded with more Elderly-Friendly Facilities .
These include having lifts on every floor , installing features like support handbars in the toilets and along common corridors to assist in the mobility of the elderly and installing an alert alarm system in the house when the elderly residents need  any emergency help (Housing & Development Board [HDB] , 2005) .
No matter how many hardware facilities are installed to improve the living environment of the elderly , they still feel empty and lonely especially if they have no family .
According to a health related article published by Changi General Hospital , the elderly tend to be at a much higher risk of depression and suicide than the young as they are facing several changes in their life such as illnesses , loss of family members , life partners and friends as well as financial issues which include loss of income after retirement (Changi General Hospital [CG] , n .d .) .
Therefore , several voluntary programs have been implemented to serve as a helping hand to the elderly .
Programs include The Befriender Service , provided by Lions Befrienders who work closely with Central Singapore ComCare Local Networks (CLN) to ease the loneliness , isolation and boredom of the single elderly and the homebound and also provide services such as advice and assistance to the elderly (Central Singapore ComCare Local Networks , n .d .) .
Coping with fast ageing among Singaporeans is a slow and tough process which requires both the government and its citizens to work closely together .
Either encouraging retired workers to return to the work force or providing a decent shelter for the low income elderly will definitely send a positive message to the elderly that they are not being abandoned and they are still recognised by the society .
Programs such as visiting the elderly or providing assistance to the elderly will also increase their confidence to engage the society again .
The spending on the aged should be treated as a social and economic development which prepares healthcare facilities for the society as a whole and boosts healthcare spending by the tourists .
Investing in healthcare facilities and medical insurance for the elderly will result in a high profile , risk free , user friendly , low cost and safe healthcare solution that does not just benefit the elderly but the society as a whole (Munshi , 2007 , p .g .1) .
In times of recession , the spending on the aged would have a direct relation to employment as there will be more labour required to take care of the elderly .
This employment can help to spur economic growth and help in recession .
Singapore is seen as a medical hub due to its excellent geographical location and provision of top notch healthcare services .
Thus , the spending in a way brings in medical tourism revenues for healthcare services and tourism for the medical travellers (Yin , 2009 , p .g .1) .
Treatments that take up to years may result in migration of the family of the sick; this eventually snowballs to a few million dollars of revenue for the tourism industry .
On the other hand , public spending on the aged should be limited and chanelled to the less well-off section of the society .
With consumer price index (CPI) for low income groups rising to 7 .5% in June 2008 and developments in globalization , vast income inequalities are created in Singapore (Singstat , 2008 , p .g .1) .
The Department of Statistics (2008) reported that 14 .8% of households here earned $2 ,000 or less a month in 2008 , which explains the need for more money to be pumped into the social safety net .
However , there are initiatives such as Comcare Fund , which assists the less privileged group in Singapore .
The Comcare Fund's budget is $63 .7 million in 2008 and this amount is estimated to be $168 million in this financial year (MCYS , 2008 , pg .1) .
MCYS would also adjust the budget according to situations such as setting aside $1million to help the needy cope with inflation (Majid , 2008 , p .g1) Hence , the Government has provided an effective social safety net that provides assistance yet at the same time promotes self-reliance among the needy .
It also portrays an image that the Government is concerned with other developments in Singapore other than the aged .
To sum up , the spending on the aged should not be limited as it spurs economic growth and prepares the healthcare industry to combat this pressing issue .
In the future , the effects of aging population would have a much greater impact on Singapore and all resources assigned to the developments should be prioritized based on expediency .
The policies and investments on the aged for today is the preparation by the Government to mould a better future for tomorrow .
It is an undeniable fact that our society is aging rapidly .
By 2030 , 20% of the population in Singapore will be aged 65 and above (Ministry of Community and Development , Youth and Sport , 2009) .
Hence , several polices have been implemented by the government to help ease the aging process .
The upgrading of housing and encouraging later retirement age policies have indeed helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
Upgrading of housing by the HDB , particularly for the households with elderly residents , has helped to ease the aging process .
Facilities within the blocks were enhanced significantly to aid  the day-to-day movement of the elderly (Housing and Development Board , 2008) .
These include installing lifts at every floor as well as support hand rails in the toilets .
In order to allow the elderly to receive immediate help in times of emergency , alert alarm systems are fitted in every flat .
These changes have made the lives of the elderly more convenient leading to a greater sense of security instilled in them .
A Voluntary Welfare Organization  (VWO) , which is located below the block , will operate a Seniors Activity Centre to provide support services for the elderly living in the block (Housing and Development Board , 2008) .
It creates a cohesive community where the elderly can integrate themselves into the society through participating in various social activities .
Consequently , some of the social and emotional problems that the elderly faced have been resolved .
In addition , encouraging later retirement has proved to ease the ageing process .
Working reduces the elderly's reliance on their children as well as the society in terms of economic and social needs (Peterson , 2001) .
As work keeps them occupied , they do not feel the need for their children's companionship .
On top of that , working provides the elderly a source of income , enabling  them to remain financially independent , hence reducing the financial dependency on the children .
The Government has been cooperating with employers and unions as part of the Tripartite Committee on Employability of Older Workers to enact re-employment legislation by 1 January 2012 so that employees can continue to work beyond the current statutory retirement age of 62 , up to 65 (Adding Life to Years !
Happy , Healthy , Active Seniors , 2009) .
Even before this re-employment legislation has taken effect , more than 700 unionized companies have committed to re-employ around 5 ,000 workers above the age of 62 .
In fact , working not only allows the elderly to spend their time meaningfully; it  can also help to increase their self-esteem and find their own identity in the society (Adding Life to Years !
Happy , Healthy , Active Seniors , 2009) .
This helps them realize that they still have a foothold in the society as they can still contribute to the nation and economic growth , thereby helping them to lead an enriching and fulfilling life .
However , critics have argued that the elderly might not possess the essential skills that are relevant and required in the workforce today (Seah , 2007) .
This is because the society is constantly changing , hence the skills possessed by the older generation becomes obsolete and no longer applicable today .
Moreover , it has been argued that they may face difficulty coping with the fast-paced society and technologically advanced workforce of today (Seah , 2007) .
However , there are retraining programs available for the elderly to upgrade their skills in order to keep them updated and constructive in the workforce .
For an instance , a $600 million Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience (SPUR) was launched by the government in November 2008 to retrain and upgrade both the employed and unemployed to prepare them for the newer and better jobs .
(Adding Life to Years !
Happy , Healthy , Active Seniors , 2009) .
Allowing the older generation to stay longer in the workforce not only promotes economic growth of the country , but also keeps them physically active , mentally alert , resilient and socially connected to the society .
An aging population is an unavoidable issue today that needs to be addressed urgently .
It is therefore important to make sure that policies implemented are useful in helping to ease the aging process .
With the current policies such as upgrading of their residences' facilities and longer working lives , the aging process has been eased to a large extent .
According to Singapore Department of Statistics , the average life expectancy for a boy and a girl born in 2006 is 78 .0 years and 82 .8 years respectively .
As compared to 2003 , it shows an increase of 1 .4 years and 1 .2 years correspondingly (Singapore Department of Statistics , 2008) .
Increasing life expectancy has inevitably led to the growth of an aging population .
Aging is a complex and continuous process that begins with birth and ends with death .
Every person will experience the effect of aging process when they age .
In order to help ease the aging process , efforts have been made in the research developments and policies implementation to meet the physical and financial needs of each individual .
It is crucial to meet the physical needs of the people so as to ease their aging process .
As people become old , their physical health will deteriorate .
Moreover , their body immune system usually weakens .
Hence ,  to minimise the physical problems and vulnerabilities of the people .
One such effort is to make commuting more convenient for the aged and wheelchair-bound through the introduction of Wheelchair Accessible Buses .
With low-floor and steps-free design , these new transit buses have made boarding and alighting more manageable for the aged and disabled (Ministry for Community Development , Youth and Sports  , 2006) .
Furthermore , the Lift Upgrading Programme has also aided the elderly by having lifts landing on every floor (Channelnewsasia , 2009) .
These developments have created a living environment that is more barrier-free for our seniors and people with disabilities .
As such , they can fully participate in their everyday activities .
In addition , much has been done to provide the essential financial assistance for the elderly .
Their inability to pay for expensive medical treatments has revealed the need to provide healthcare support for them .
For example , Prime Minister Mr Lee Hsien Loong introduced a step-down care policy during the 2009 National Day speech .
This is to link up acute hospitals , such as Tan Tock Seng Hospital , with community hospitals , such as St Andrew's Community Hospital , to provide skilled and suitable healthcare especially for the aged (The straits Times , 2009) .
When patients are sick , they will go to acute hospitals for treatment and recuperate at the community hospital .
This way , proper healthcare at a reduced medical cost is made available for them .
Another example is the introduction of Medisave .
It is a national medical saving policy designed to help Singaporeans build up sufficient savings to meet their hospitalisation expenses .
(Central Provident Fund , 2009) .
Hence , healthcare needs can be met without increasing the financial burden faced by the people .
Meanwhile , critics have pointed out that the current policies and research improvements have only helped to minimise problems on a superficial level but have not fully met the emotional needs of the individuals when they grow old .
When one ages , he may be less optimistic and feel disconnected from the society .
Hence , emotional support is an important psychological factor in helping them to forget the negative aspects of their lives (Clark , 2005) .
However , we cannot deny the recent efforts that had been made to help to satisfy such needs .
For instance ,  has moved from seniority-based to performance-based wage structure .
Senior workers , with their rich working experience may be able to contribute greatly to the organisation and are encouraged to be re-hired .
This wage structure ensures employability and job security for the elderly workers and it prevents them from feeling detached from the society (National University of Singapore , 2009) .
In addition , under the Central Provident Fund's Housing Grant Scheme , the government provides a grant of $10 ,000 to $40 ,000 for families buying flats near their parents' residences (Committee on Aging Issues , 2006) .
This allows the elderly to be close to their children and some may even undertake the responsibilities of taking care of their grandchildren .
This helps them to feel valued and thereby , aids in the re-discovery of their identity as a senior citizen .
In conclusion , in order to help ease the aging process , the Singapore government has been improving and implementing various policies and research developments to meet the physical , financial and emotional needs of the individual .
These efforts have proven to be effective .
Over the years , an aging population has become an impediment at hand as many countries have been experiencing it , especially in Singapore where statistics have shown that 11 .3% of the population will be aged fifty-five years and above in 2015 (Hateley & Tan , 2003 , p . 10) .
The younger generation is more career-oriented , which has resulted in later marriages and also lower birthrates .
This burgeoning trend ultimately leads to an aging population and the Singapore government has come up with several policies and development in different fields such as enhancing and inventing elderly-related products to cater to the elderly needs .
In light of the many policies and development that have been devised by the Singapore government to address elderly concerns , the aging process will be eased as most of their problems have been addressed .
Some would argue that policies implemented by the Singapore government might not be fully utilized as some companies find it troublesome to comply with it to employ older workers due to several factors .
Critics have claimed that some companies refrain from hiring seniors to avoid spending more time , money and effort in retraining them (Tay , 2003 , p . 82) .
However , this is not a plausible reason to deter the companies from hiring the elderly as the government has improvised a scheme known as the ADVANTAGE fund to encourage more companies to shift towards automation that facilitate the older populace and to re-employ the elderly by giving out incentives and subsides for retraining programmes of the elderly (Lim , 2007) .
For example , Sheng Siong Supermarket , who hires senior workers , was able to buy machinery that helps to expedite the production process from one month to ten to fifteen days and increase their productivity by using the government subsides (Chia , 2009) .
Therefore , social policies , such as the ADVANTAGE scheme , are effective in helping the elderly to work in a less physically-demanding environment and stay productive .
It is mandatory for everyone in Singapore to have a Central Provident Fund (CPF) account .
This initiative by the government helps to ensure that all elderly will have a means of income that will provide for them through their golden years .
Recent adjustments made to the CPF on 3 September 2009 have played a significant role in reducing the working-age population's tax burden and also in increasing the elderly's CPF .
For instance , the interest rate of the CPF for savings in the Special , Medisave and Retirement Accounts (SMRA) will be maintained at 4% floor rate instead of the current 3 .40% for the next two years (Central Provident Fund Board [CPF] , 2009) .
This eases the economic aspect of an aging population as the elderly can benefit from a higher interest rate and therefore alleviate the  .
With an increasingly aging population , many innovative companies have invented several elderly-related products such as hearing aids and automatic wheelchairs to support their large demand for health-care products .
The government has also developed property such as studio apartments with barrier-free access for the elderly .
All these helped to lessen the elderly's problems of hearing , seeing or moving properly .
For example , two students from Temasek Polytechnic have developed a wheelchair that automatically engages the safety gear whenever it slides backwards .
This helps to ease the difficulty for those who are incapable of engaging the conventional brakes or holding on to the wheels manually (Temasek Polytechnic [TP] , 2009) .
Such innovations ease the problem that the physically restricted are encountering in the process of aging .
In conclusion , it is true that the current research and development or policies have helped to ease the aging process due to the proper and effective planning adopted by the Singapore government .
Issues such as the reluctance of companies to hire older workers are ameliorated due to the ADVANTAGE scheme whereby subsides encourage them to re-employ the aged .
The changes made to the interest rate of the CPF for savings in the SMRA will provide a social safety net for the elderly , while the increase in elderly- related products and studio apartments further eases the physical restrictions of an elderly .
However , these policies and development can help to ease the aging process only if people abandon their social stigma on the elderly populace .
It is extremely difficult for societies to find ways to care for the needy during economic downturns when funding becomes limited (Friedland & Summer , 2005 , p . 16) .
And in countries like Singapore and Japan , which face an aging population , the dilemma is even greater .
With more children not being able to or refusing to provide for their parents , the government definitely has to play a bigger role .
The country's finances will be exhausted as more elderly ask for financial help from the government to cover  their medical fees and basic needs .
However , this burden can be lessened if the elderly mindset is changed .
In order to change their mindset , the public spending on the aged should be limited in the future , and in turn the money used for other areas of the country's development like Education , Retraining and Healthcare .
In Singapore , it is true that government aid is important to the current generation of elderly , as the majority of them did not have or did not have enough CPF savings to last through their retirement .
The current generation of elderly is most probably the first batch to learn about the CPF in 1955 , and being a young scheme then , there is a high chance that they were unable to fully benefit from it .
The situation is even worse when the elderly are faced with illness .
Sick elderly who are single are not able to work to provide for themselves , thus leaving them with no income to pay for their high medical fees .
Moreover , even though married elderly have children , the high cost of living is also putting a challenge on the children's finances , which makes it hard for them to provide for their parents .
Therefore , the elderly have to rely on the government .
But all these shall change in 20 years time; the  elderly then shall be equipped with sufficient money in their CPF to provide for themselves .
In order to lessen the country's financial burden , the elderly have to change their mindset .
The time has changed and the elderly should too .
First , they should change their overly dependent mindset; they should not expect the government or their children to provide for them in their golden years .
The reason is that  the standard of living is rising and adult children find it difficult to provide for their parents , especially those stricken with illness .
Sociologists think that this is the cause of the growing trend for children to abandon their elderly parents in nursing homes (Popatlal , 2009 , para .
3-6) .
Next , the elderly should change their mindset that they are too old to work , when in actual fact working slows down the aging of their brains .
The government will not be able to provide much as the population continues to age , and there will not be as many people in the workforce as birth rates continue to drop .
if the elderly do not continue to work , it will put a huge strain on the country's finances .
how do we go about  changing the elderly's mindset ?
The answer is to invest more money inareas like Education , Retraining and Healthcare .
The best way to influence  a person's thinking is to do it while one is young , and the ideal of being independent can be taught during one's Education .
Furthermore ,  a higher education level  provides better job prospects , which in turn benefits individual financial prospect .
Education also equips one with better knowledge and planning skills , like the importance of health and financial planning for their golden years (Lim , 2009) .
As for Retraining , it enables both adults and elderly to improve their skills to continue working .
Lastly , Healthcare aspects like Community activities and Health awareness campaigns lead to a healthier lifestyle .
People of all ages can take lessons to maintain their health and make friends , which will provide them with a healthy mind and body .
In conclusion , the elderly have to change their mindset about being old and dependent .
The elderly should continue to work as they possess experience that should be passed on to the younger generation .
And to ensure the elderly to- be are prepared , it is important to inculcate them with a healthy mindset through promoting education , retraining and community activities .
Nothing beats aging with a healthy body and mind; the golden years should be spent enjoyably .
As Singapore has been faced with an aging population  since 1990s , there has been a shortage of skilled workers and a declining birth rate .
In order for Singapore to sustain its economic development and improve the quality of life of its people , it cannot afford to spend too much on the elderly .
In a globalizing world , Singapore must stay competitive in order to be successful .
This can be achieved by managing resources efficiently in areas such as investing in foreign talents and education which are vital to its future growth .
Some critics argued that senior citizens are assets to the society since most of them possess valuable skills , knowledge and work experience .
In addition , the government is supporting the elderly by increasing its health budget such as building new hospitals in old HDB towns (Khoo Teck Puat Hospital and Jurong General Hospital) (Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong , national day rally speech) .
Other initiatives were also implemented such as the re-training effort for the elderly in theworkforce .
Increasing healthcare budget would be an initiative which might be seen as a necessity by the government .
However , there are other areas which are vital for consideration since they are important to Singapore's future development .
As Singapore is facing a decline in its birth rate and transiting into the knowledge based economy , attracting foreign talents could be vital to its growth .
Foreign talents would bring in specialized skills and valuable ideas to Singapore .
For example , in the area of research and development (R & D) Singapore needs to develop her own  talent pool and technologies to create new and better products; thus we need foreign talent like accomplished researchers who can lead us into the innovation of new products with their experience and knowledge .
As a result , this could increase business and job opportunities for citizens in Singapore .
In addition , with more foreign talents bringing in different cultures around the world , Singapore would be seen as a more cosmopolitan country .
As a whole , foreign talents can help Singapore gain a competitive edge in the globalizing world .
Educating the young in their early age is essential to the country's development and growth .
This would be so as education encourages critical and creative thinking since young .
This would be supported by current schools' curriculum where children are given problem based learning activities where they have to work on their research and ideas .
This in turn trains them to be able to think independently and innovatively which would be vital to the future workforce .
Therefore , investing in the education system would help Singapore in sustaining its growth in the globalizing world .
In conclusion , a country should tap into other areas of resources in order to stay competitive in a globalizing world .
At the same time , there should also be certain amount of public spending on the aged as the senior citizens are still part of the society and they should be taken care of as so that a country can progress and prosper .
Singapore has one of the world's most rapidly aging population and currently this situation has started to put pressure on our economic growth , with increasing emphasis on health care for the elderly .
From the World Health Statistics 2009 , approximately 3 .3% of Singapore's Gross Domestic Product is spent on healthcare in the year 2006 , and this figure is projected to increase even more in the future and is definitely directly related to the fast aging population .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited to prevent over reliance on the government and  more emphasis could be given to other sectors to promote economic growth .
It is true that most of the aged people in Singapore have contributed to the building and development of Singapore up to this stage and it is time for the nation to look after them .
However , the current healthcare structure may lead to an over dependence on the government for their own health .
With the current CPF structure where/ in which part of a Singaporean's monthly wage goes into Medisave and Medishield ,  an 'untouchable' fund that can only be used for hospital and most healthcare bills , Singaporeans may get complacent thinking that they have already saved enough for their medical bills in the future .
But if one is to be diagnosed with a chronic disease or incapacitating illness , the fund in his Medisave might not be enough for the hefty bill over time .
Therefore , instead of investing money in healthcare infrastructures like new hospitals and nursing homes , it would be wiser for the government to help Singaporeans plan out their retirement more strategically .
Other than extending their retirement age , the government might consider collaborating with the insurance companies and help Singaporeans to purchase a basic insurance with their CPF to facilitate illnesses associated with old age .
In this way , not only the reliance on the government will decrease , Singaporeans will be more protected and not be at the mercy of the others when disease strikes .
With much said , it is still important to provide the basic healthcare benefit to the elderly .
However , other areas like education and welfare must not be neglected .
In year 2006 , about 6 .7% of the government expenditure was spent on healthcare and the figure will continue to increase in years to come due to the 'post war baby boomer aging' effect .
Although Singapore's education system is one of the most efficient in the world , there are still many people not able to get a proper education due to financial limitations .
This might result in a multiplier effect of people with less education earning less and being less healthy in a way .
Also , this group of people might not be able to earn enough to sustain their own medical fees when they grow old thus the burden will again be borne by the government .
Therefore , by paying more attention to education and making sure that all if not most Singaporeans can get a proper education , it ensures that most people will be literate enough to get a proper paying job and thus increasing the working adult  to elderly ratio .
The increase  . . . the increase in the ratiowill will without doubt relieve the government of financing  the aged  .
On top of it , a case by case basis might be a more plausible way of giving healthcare subsidy rather than just applying healthcare subsidy to the general elderly as a whole .
This will really improve the allocations of funds to those who really need it from people who still can afford the healthcare in Singapore .
Even though healthcare expenditure is inevitable in any country , money does not solve all the problems and it is still very important to educate the people on the importance of retirement planning .
Therefore instead of channeling public funds into subsidized health care , the money should be put to better use in education or other aspects of the nation's development .    
With the issue of an ageing society escalating in many countries within these few years , governments have been showing an increased concern towards this unprecedented problem of an ageing population with extremely low reproduction rates .
Singapore is definitely not alone in handling this challenge , as in 2005 , both Germany and Japan saw for the first time; their death rates out-number their birth rates .
Currently , there are no clear explanations as to why the phenomenon of low fertility rates has increased in recent years .
Studies , however , suggested that it might be due to the rise in educated citizens and with that , they were taught the importance of family building and hence , would only plan to have a child when they are financially and emotionally ready for one .
This calls for some social policies to be put in place by the governments , to encourage citizens to be more willing to reproduce .
Social policies such as incentives being given out to encourage procreation and increasing the influx of immigrants would help to ease the ageing process to a great extent .
However , they might introduce some new problems and  these will be explored in-depth later .
Recognising the problem of a possible financial burden that might be incurred by families with a new child , the governments of developed nations are providing generous incentives with the birth of each new child , in the hope of encouraging their citizens to reproduce by helping to ease their financial burden .
In Singapore , we have the "Baby Bonus" scheme , which citizens will get to enjoy a cash gift of up to S$4 ,000 each for their first and second child and S$6000 each for their third and fourth child .
(cited from {https://www .babybonus .gov .sg/bbss/html/faq .html}[HYPERLINK: https://www .babybonus .gov .sg/bbss/html/faq .html]  , retrieved on September 10 , 2009) Similarly , the Australia's baby bonus pays their citizens with AUD$5 ,185 per eligible child in 13 fortnightly instalments , as of 1 July 2009 .
(cited from {http://www .fahcsia .gov .au/Guides_Acts/fag/faguide-1/faguide-1 .2/faguide-1 .2 .2 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .fahcsia .gov .au/Guides_Acts/fag/faguide-1/faguide-1 .2/faguide-1 .2 .2 .html]  , retrieved on September 10 , 2009) One may argue that this is just a narrow viewpoint .
Nowadays , people are bred on notions of free choice .
They do not like to be bribed into the government's "propaganda" of procreation .
Also , being more educated , they do not see the need for many children , as time and much money is needed to raise the child in the future .
However , this is definitely not true as firstly , it is the citizens' role to procreate , and not the government's .
Hence , it cannot be conveniently stated that such policy is"propaganda" by the government .
Furthermore , there is evidence of an increased replacement rate .
In Australia , its total fertility rates rose from 1 .76 in 2004 to 1 .82 in 2006 .
(as cited in {http://www .melbourneinstitute .com/news/news/media_releases/2009/final-WP-Baby%20Bonus .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .melbourneinstitute .com/news/news/media_releases/2009/final-WP-Baby%20Bonus .pdf]  , retrieved on September 10 , 2009) As for Singapore , we will have to observe the situation carefully for the next few years to see if its policies will nudge it past the subreplacement zone .
Another social policy that governments seem to turn towards  is the encouragement of the inflow of immigrants into our society .
This is to ensure that the workforce will remain sufficient and efficient , as a shrinking society will only face the threats of declining economic vitality .
Singapore , for instance , welcome talented immigrants to 1"help us reach our goals" .
However , critics argued that though this social policy is feasible to ease the ageing process in Singapore , it does not take into account  the issue of increased competition for jobs in Singapore , due to the high influx of foreign talents .
This might mean that Singaporeans will have to compete for jobs with the foreigners , and might  lose their jobs to them .
In addition , it also does not take into account of the fact that attracting more immigrants might mean a threat to the culture and identity of a country .
For example , in Europe , 2it is estimated that a quarter of her inhabitants will be non-European in origin , character and beliefs , if she continues to depend on importing immigrants to ease her ageing problems .
This reasoning might be flawed as it is inevitable that the locals have to upgrade their skills to ensure high employability in the fast and highly competitive society .
Also , in this increasingly globalised society , it is even more imperative that one keeps one updated , so as not to be outdated , or they will risk losing their jobs to someone more capable , either a local or a foreigner .
In conclusion , I agree to a great extent that social policies such as the implementation of the baby bonuses and the introduction of immigrants into our society will help to ease the ageing process .
However , the government might wish to monitor the situation closely so as not to welcome too many immigrants such that the nation's culture and identity will be at risk .
Also , they must ensure that the country's employment rate is healthy before encouraging more foreign talents to the workforce .
This way , citizens might not complain and the society will see a more productive workforce and more birth rates , hence helping to reduce the problem of excessive ageing in a society .
It is a fact that we are experiencing an the aging population problem population problem throughout the world , especially in the developed countries such as Singapore .
Due to the fast advancement of medications , we have no article needed longer life spans compared to the past .
Thus , many countries are spending more effort and money on aging population problem .
However , there are many ways to help the elderly to take care of themselves and public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Elder dependency should be reduced by encouraging later retirement , longer working lives , and fewer barriers to elder employment (Peterson , 2001 , p .66) .
By increasing the eligibility age for public pensions , we are forced to retire at a later age and we will be able to accumulate more money as we grow older .
But in order to achieve that , employers should learn the importance and benefits of employing older employees .
Older employees have more working experiences and better knowledge than the younger ones and these are the crucial factors that will contribute to the company growth .
The Government should encourage its citizens to have more children so that that the cost burden of taking care of the elderly is spread over a larger and more affluent future generation (Peterson , 2001 , p .66) .
Some of the children feel that they are having financial problems and they are not capable of taking care of their parents' expenses .
However , their burdens can be reduced if they have other siblings to share the cost of their parents' expenses .
The Government is also increasing its incentives to parents with more children as a mean to increase fertility rate .
The fiscal cost of elder dependency can be further reduced by stressing filial obligation and increasing the willingness of tomorrow's grown children to support their own elderly parents through informal and familiar channels (Peterson , 2001 , p .66) .
This is very important as having more children does not assure that the parents have higher chances of being taken care of taken care of by their children than the parents with fewer children .
Thus , it is necessary to educate the children at  an  early age on filial obligation .
Parents definitely play a critical role by showing a positive role model to their children .
For example , they can show more of their care and concern on their children needs rather than just focusing on their jobs .
Children will be grateful to their parents and increase their willingness to support their parents in future .
Lastly , the fiscal and economic cost of elder dependency can be reduced by requiring people to provide in advance for their own old-age dependency (Peterson , 2001 , p .66) .
This is like a form of long term saving plan where people are compelled by law to save a portion of their monthly income if they start to work .
The amounts that they have saved can only be withdrawn at a certain age and those savings will be a form of support for them when they reach older age and are not capable of working anymore .
This is especially useful for those people who do not have the habit of saving up .
Nevertheless , we also shouldn't completely ignore the aging population .
Although there are plans to reduce elder dependency , there will still be a small percentage of elders that are not capable of taking care themselves .
They may not be physically able to work and at the same time their children have abandoned the task of taking care of them .
In some of the worst situation , elders do not even have any children that they can depend on on .
As such , government can be more lenient to these groups of elders by providing financial care and giving them public pension benefits whenever possible .
Clearly , as many counties are experiencing aging population problems , the importance of solving this problem in the long term period is rather crucial .
The Government can offer many public pensions and financial help to the needy elders , but when will this end ?
Thus , public spending on the aged should be limited and people should be educated from young on the ways to prevent aging population problems rather than to find a solution for it .
Public spending for the elderly , is it insufficient still ?Remove full stop .
In an expenditure overview of this year's budget 2009  , the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports has set aside $42 .1 million to fund the community and residential based care programmes for the elderly  , $15 .1 million for projects under the GO !
( golden opportunities) and Council for Third Age (C3A) , which advocates the elderly to lead healthier and more active lives .
Another $3 .2 million will be set aside to pilot the Wellness Programme to promote active and healthy ageing in the community .
12 constituencies will set up the Wellness Programme in this pilot phase(http://www .singaporebudget .gov .sg)  .Given the countless funds being channeled to them and given that most of the aged nowadays are capable of supporting themselves , the government expenditure on the elderly exceeds what they need .
Whereas the other sectors of the country's development such as education and healthcare , are still underdeveloped .
Therefore , the public spending on the aged should be limited and more funds should be invested in these areas in order to secure the future of the county and maintain its competitiveness in this fast-paced world .
People would argue that more money should be spent by the government on the elderly , given that the elderly are the more disadvantaged group of the society .
Moreover , the government spending is only beneficial towards the active and healthy elderly , with lesser concern towards those who are unwell and not permitted to work .
And as old age is often associated with deteriorating health , the elderly will have trouble coping with the high medical costs .
Based on a text entitles "Doomsday Predictions about Population are Exaggerated" , writers Robert B Friedland and Laura Summer stated that large and long-term healthcare expenses will become a burden to the elderly , especially those who have not been able to save when they were young(Friedland and Summer ,2005) .
This would give an even larger   larger burden to the working adults and taxes will definitely increase .
However , as we all know , the elderly only constitute a smaller part of the society , and the younger ones in the social group must be taken care of the same way or more so than the elderly since they are the determiners of the country's future .
More money should not be invested on the healthcare of the elderly who are unwell and not fit for work since they do not have any other means to spend on with that much money given by the government , except for their medical fees .
Instead , investing more money in education will increase the likeability of the younger people to secure better jobs , and enabling them to provide their elderly parents financial support , no matter in what condition their parents are in .
Based on the statistics obtained from a government statistical website , the  level of education attainment among resident non-students aged 25-39 , despite increasing rapidly in the past few years , is still low at 70 percent in 2008 (www .singstat .gov .sg)  .This means that the government must set aside more money in instilling awareness of the importance of education towards the young .
This can be done by organizing campaigns , and through media such as advertisements and short documentaries .
The Global Campaign for Education for example , has campaigned in many countries in order to instill awareness towards the importance of education .
Therefore , by succeeding in education and securing better jobs , the working adults will ease the burden of the government from having to invest a lot of money on the welfare of the elderly .
In conclusion , the government has shown much concern to the elderly by investing a lot of money in their cause .
However , the amount of money invested way exceeds the amount they need .
Therefore , the amount of money that the government has obtained should be invested on the other important areas of development , such as education and healthcare .
A country needs to progress , and this would never be achieved by solving one part of the problem only , but all the parts that lead to the problem .
The ramifications of the aging population have always been a challenge to many developed countries .
The immense social cost arising from ageing population can be attributed to mounting healthcare problem , diminishing of economic productivity and increasing accountability of younger generation towards the elderly .
In view of the accelerated growth of ageing population , the Singapore Government government has been revamping the related policies constantly to mitigate the problem .
With a carefully constructed policy , government agencies get to develop a holistic approach that meets the needs of the elderly .
The diminishing of economic productivity due to the aging population may have an abysmal effect on a country .
Peter G . Peterson has claimed that later retirement could be a sensible method to maintain one nation's productivity and reduce the dependency of elderly .
(Peter G . Peterson , 2001) Singapore's government has adopted this measure and raised the retirement age up to 62 to ensure elderly contribution to the society .
Moreover , such policy emphasizes the principle of self-reliance and reduces the burden and social cost of the community .
The existence of the older workforce not only increases the input of the economy but also enables the elderly to gain some form of steady income .
This will ameliorate the deteriorating effect on a nation's economy due to ageing progression .
However , this policy will remain fruitless without the collaboration between the elderly , employers and the state .
Employers tend to discriminate against elderly frequently as they are deemed to be vulnerable and unproductive .
In order to remove such prejudice , the government provides incentives by reducing the employer's contribution to elderly Central Provident Fund (CPF) .
Initially government will top up the remainder sum for the elderly so that the welfare of elderly will not be jeopardized .
Healthcare is another prevalent problem in a society where the number of elderly is increasing tremendously .
The elderly has a higher possibility of encountering a long-term management of chronic diseases such as diabetes and heart disease .
Therefore it is essential for the government to keep healthcare cost at an affordable rate for this vulnerable group .
Singapore's government heavily subsidizes  medical service and grants some flexibility in the CPF system so that the elderly can utilize part of their saving in the CPF account for hospitalization expenses .
In addition , family responsibility is always is always stressed  stressed such that children are required to contribute to the Medisave account of their elderly member .
The transfer of funds from the Ordinary Account to parents' Retirement Account is also available .
Such policies spread over the cost of ageing progression to family and community and minimize minimize state fiscal fiscal provision .
Moreover , in order to make medical service easily accessible to the needy , polyclinic which is an affordable subsidized one-stop health centre , offer outpatient medical care and pharmacy services .
This facilitates the elderly who are bedridden and confined to wheelchairs .
Despite heavy subsidization on healthcare , the elderly who are destitute without family support may still find medical service prohibitive .
As such , Public Assistance and Medifund have been introduced to assuage this problem whereby rigorous diagnoses are  carried out out and relevant assistance will be given to the needy accordingly .
Lastly , the mental health of elderly is exceptionally vital to enhance their social functioning and to maximize their potential .
The sense of isolation and loneliness among homebound and single elderly might result in mental illness and social problems .
Family bonding and company are paramount in addressing such phenomenon .
Reinforcement of the ethic of filial pity can vicariously develop strong bonds between children and parents .
In line with this ideology , Singapore's government introduced Multi-Tier Family Housing Scheme and CPF Housing Grant to encourage married couple to buy a flat in the same town with their parents .
It is a housing subsidy and family comprising parents and married children staying together in the same household will be given priority for public housing apartment .
Consequently , this can prevent elderly abandonment by children and forms family cohesion among the community so that the aged will not be neglected .
Singapore's government believes that social service should involve the participation of all sectors of society including the community and non-profit organization .
Thus , several programmes have been set up under the joint MCYS-HDB project to improve the quality of life of the aged .
One of it would be the Senior Citizens' Club which helps to enhance family relationship and promote interaction among elderly .
Psychological needs of the elderly cannot be overlooked so that they can be socially integrated into the family and community .
In a nutshell , curbing the enigmas of the ageing population to a large extent , depend on the social policies of a state .
Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer caution government to carry out wise and forward-thinking planning and therefore the government should adopt pragmatism while formulating social policies related to the ageing population .
(Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer , 2005) Society should also shift their paradigm and not marginalize the  elderly  to maximize the social functioning of elderly .
In developed countries such as the United States , Japan and Singapore , the aging population has been an important issue .
The Singapore government has implemented policies which have helped to solve problems arising from the aging process to a large extent .
The problems include a need for more health care services , increase in elder dependency on the government and draining the country's resources .
However , due to the growing aging population , further research is necessary in order to cater to this growing segment .
I will explore in-depth in the policies implemented by the Singapore government in the social aspect .
One of the strategies from the text , "elder dependency should be reduced by making people work longer" (Peter G . Peterson) can be applied in the Singapore context whereby the retirement age has been raised from 60 to 62 in 1999 .
With longer working lives , people will be able to save more money for old age .
However , longer working lives may have implications on their health , which may lead to an increase in medical expenditure .
Nevertheless , this can be solved by the flexi-work hour program such that the elder group can work shorter hours and not ruin their health .
Moreover , based on a government survey conducted last July , more than 60 per cent of 25 ,000 unemployed older folk who planned to look for work preferred to work part time .
However , only 43 per cent of the employers are willing to offer flexible work to older workers , while 57 per cent are presumably against such arrangements .
Furthermore , figures from the Ministry of Manpower show that the proportion of employees on flexible work arrangements in 2008 was 9 .4 per cent from the public and private sectors .
Hence , I will suggest a development of new models of work which will be required as the workforce ages and employees search for greater flexibility in work organization .
This will encourage the elder group to return to the workforce and achieve a reduction of elder dependency on the government .
In Singapore , education has been a main concern and the government has implemented policies such as compulsory primary school education and subsidies for students from poor families .
Furthermore , in the 2009 Key Budget Initiatives , the government is enhancing school education by "providing better facilities for an all-round education in every school , enhancing both the size and quality of the teaching force and bringing in allied educators into schools to collaborate with teachers in providing better attention for every child ."
(Key Budget Initiatives) With a strong education system base , everyone has a chance to receive high level of education , which will secure them higher paying jobs in the future and also help to stimulate the country's economic growth .
As a result , "the cost burden can be spread over a larger and more affluent future generation" .
(Peter G . Peterson) Nevertheless , one can argue that with a low birth rate , the system established will not be fully utilized .
However , the education  system is important in a country's development for future generations , hence the government can only further revise the baby bonus policy in order to encourage families to have more children .
Another social problem will be elderly parents being abandoned at nursing homes or children living overseas and  no one looking after their parents in Singapore .
However , recent study has found that "seniors here are generally well cared for by their children" .
Moreover , "two in three respondents pay for their senior's medical bills and keep them company" .
(The Straits Times Article) On the other hand , there is also a setback such that there will be another generation of elderly who are not prepared for their own retirement , the reason being that  . . .
The reason being their income will be used to support elderly parents , to cover family expenses and provide for their children .
However , with the CPF scheme in place , there should be savings when they reach retirement age , but I will suggest that research has to be conducted to find out how much people will need to save for their retirement and whether the current CPF contribution rate is sufficient .
Moreover , compulsory insurance scheme can be introduced to ensure more savings .
The government is also "committing to a substantial expansion of the healthcare sector by investing $4 billion to restructure the heath care system to handle the aging population such as the development of community hospitals" .
(Key Budget Initiatives) Patients can then recuperate at these community hospitals which generate savings and increase efficiency on treatment of more acute cases .
In evaluating the government policies , I do agree that these are workable solutions to a large extent .
However , more research has to be done in order to keep elder dependency low and provide cost effective and affordable healthcare .
In 1950 , there were 205 million persons aged 60 or over throughout the world .
Fifty years later , the number of persons aged of people aged 60 or over increased about three times to 606 million .
Over the first half of the current century , the global population 60 or over is projected to expand by more than three times to reach nearly 2 billion in 2050 .
Aging population includes  any person who is aged 60 and above .
Hence , there is a lot of concern with whether the government is going to spend more money to help the aging population or otherwise .
If the money spent is not planned properly , there may be disastrous consequences .
The aged can still contribute to our society economically and socially , hence there is a need to allocate more money for them .
The aged can still help to develop and push the economy to greater heights since they still have the capability to work .
Public policies are put in place to motivate them to work harder .
One example would be the Central Providence Fund (CPF) in Singapore .
It is a savings account that the working class will put a certain percentage of their monthly salaries into .
This money can be used for themselves or their descendants .
Awards and money incentives are also given to those who have performed outstandingly in their fields of work .
The government should spend more money to come up with new awards as a form of motivation .
They are also the ones who will do all the "dirty" work like collecting garbage and sweeping the floor .
No degree holder will want to exchange their air-conditioned room for standing under the hot scorching sun .
Others may argue that the aged work and learn slower compared to a working adult , however , we must also consider the difference in their salary and job scope .
They may be slower but they do not complain .
No matter how much they earn , be it a little or a lot , they still contribute to the economy .
The aged have a lot of invaluable experiences which cannot be brought in terms of money .
We can still learn a lot from them .
It helps us to plan better , not making the mistakes that they have made in the past , as in the case of World War 2 .
The British thought that the Japanese will not attack through the forest; as a result , we were caught by surprise when they actually came in through the forest .
It is these experiences and mistakes that we learnt from and thus improved ourselves .
The government should spend more money on them for talks and teachings so that they are able to share their experiences with younger generation .
They can also publish self-improvement books .
People may argue that actions speaks louder than words , since all the aged do is to talk , it it definitely sounds  easy .
Yet , it is through this life experiences that we are able to better plan and think of our future .
Hence , I believe that the government should spend more money to subsidize talks for   the elderly .
With aging , the physical and mental parts of the human body will start to deteriorate  .
As a result , there is a need for the government to spend more on elderly healthcare and rehabilitation centres .
Life expectancy across the world is increasing .
People are living longer and tend to fall sick more compared to the past .
What if they do not have enough money to see the doctor ?
Do we let them die on the streets ?
As the standard of living increases , a minor operation will cost at least a whopping $10 000 .
The medicine and the appointments to see the doctors are normally for a lifetime , which would mean more necessary costs .
Some of the elderly may not be eligible for the government policies because they do not fulfil certain requirements .
There are people who believe that the aged should fend for themselves .
However , if we take a closer look , we will see a vicious cycle where the problem will eventually fall back on the children and back to the economy since they will have a keep a portion of their salary for the medical bills .
In conclusion , the government must plan properly to allocate sufficient resources for the aged , yet not forgetting other aspects of the country .
As policies makers decide on how much resources to allocate , they must remember that these policies will be subjected to changes as everything else changes .
Hence , we must be flexible and focus on knowing which direction our country is heading in and plan adequate resources properly .
Nowadays , the aging population is one of the most worrying problems .
The percentage of people who are 65 years old and above in Singapore in 2008 is 8 .67% (1) .
For this reason , the government has been placing much emphasis on spending the budget for the aged .
However , in my opinion , the funding for the senior citizens should be cut back so that we could take full advantage of this amount of money to develop other fields to contribute to the country's growth .
First and foremost , the government ought to invest much time and energy in education .
As a matter of fact , due to the fact that people who are "well equipped" with knowledge get more opportunity to have higher salary and better social status , education ensures a happy hoary age (2) .
The ground for this fact is that because of their hard work during their younger years , they are able to put aside for their future .
Hence , they can cater for themselves without any financial aid from the outside world .
However , according to statistics , though small ,  about 2 .4% of people cannot find a job with an acceptable pay to prepare for their old age .
What is more , the government may open some training programs to offer jobs for those who are about to retire but are unemployed for the time being owing to their lack of education .
Singapore's government seems to make the most of this policy to make more and more people employed despite their shortage of education before .
Data shows that compared with 2007 , there are more than 11 .7 million people of this type having the ability to work on their own .
Moreover , science should be appreciated more .
With more esteem , new technology is possible to be invented to help ease the aged .
From that point , old age is not appalling anymore .
People are more likely to work longer , and it is not necessary for the government to help them .
For example , studies have proved that insomnia in the elderly can be   easily cured by non-drug therapies (3) .
This can be seen as a step forward to what we want to achieve .
Suppose that the science is properly concerned , no one knows whether it might create something which makes people ever young .
This thing , if happens , could be the most marvelous one that has ever happened in the world .
At that time , everybody , irrespective of age , is capable of increasing the productivity of their own country in particular and of the global village in general .
Then , aging population does not exist anymore , and this word would come out of the dictionary .
With the expansion of science , nothing seems hard to imagine and we have the right to hope such world would come into existence into existence .
Last but not least , opponents of this position would argue that senior citizens are also our own citizens , they need care from the government and the strategies above take many times to complete when the senior citizens cannot wait anymore .
However , based on what I have argued above , the government's concern to the aged still exist but should be limited to some extent to take care of the other's areas .
If the government continues to excessively worry about the senior citizens , it will be a good example to rely on the government .
They do not need to worry for their future during their early times because sooner or later they will be provided with help by the government .
This thing must be a disaster to a society .
Furthermore , to place more emphasis on other areas such as education , science , etc .
is considered to be a visionary step to see to our aging population of our near of far future .
And as far as I am concerned , to run a country , we need to take interest in long term more than short term .
In short , "public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to the other areas of the country's development" .
Two areas that can be invested in more are education and science , which will make some differences in our aging population so that this problem would no longer be an awesome matter , but one of the proudest ones to be mentioned .
With the continued decline in fertility and the improvement in health in Singaporeans , Singapore faces a greying population (MCYS , 2005) .
In addition , the ageing phenomena are becoming more complex with rapidly changing social-economic-political and technological environments (Mehta , 2004) .
For example , Chow and Chan's study (as cited in Lee , & Mehta , 2004) states that as families become more modernised , the level of the family social support to the old will suffer deterioration .
Without new policies and further research and development in all fields of study , relating to the aged , they will face difficulties in living inheir current environment .
Despite the complex changes in the environment , there are theories on successful aging which could help us in our investigation on  the extent to which the current policies have helped to ease the aging process .
The following theories are role theory and social exchange theory .
The role theory suggests that people play specific roles in their families and communities throughout their life time .
social exchange theory suggests that the degree of interaction of elderly is determined by their ability to engage in social exchange .
We will focus on whether the current policies have made life easier for the elderly on the basis of these theories .
In Singapore , the existing policy on employing the elderly does not do enough to allow senior workers to continue playing their roles in working community .
Companies in Singapore tend to prefer employing younger employees , and when the company is undergoing restructuring , the older workers are usually the ones to be retrenched .
Despite the incentives given out by Singapore government to encourage companies to continue employing the elderly , companies still hesitate to keep them because of possible health problems .
Forcing them to accept less respected job , also mean lower income , to earn for a living as retirement age has increased .
This creates undue stress and negative psychological impact on the aged , at the same time a social stigma on them and also inadequate income .
A survey from MCYS (2005) shows that there is an increased in the proportion of those aged above 55 and above who found their income usually inadequate , 29 .9% of them credit it to low income .
Unlike Japan , the companies tend to treasure the experience of older workers and recognise their loyalty towards the company , allowing them to stay on to managerial position provided that they are competent .
The aged in Japan are very much respected as compared to those in Singapore , hence , aging with more dignity .
Taking a closer look , the success of the policy on employing the elderly is still inconclusive , as it takes years to change the perspective of a society .
At the very least , the elderly is still able to be part of the workforce .
To a large extent , most of the existing policies have helped to ease the aging process .
The HDB housing policy which encourages families to stay closer to their parents allows the elderly to continue their role in helping their children or even an additional role as a grandparent .
The HDB provides additional grants through CPF for families to purchase flats within a certain radius of their parents .
With the close proximity , family members can travel to and fro with ease , helping them in terms of household matters and even taking care of young children .
This allows bonding to increase between them and also increasing the self-worth of the elderly .
In terms of improving the ability of the elderly in engaging social exchange , mobility and places are the important aspect .
The government is creating a more disabled and elderly friendly environment by making improvements in housing estates and public areas .
For example , the transport authority aims to have lift facilities in every mass rapid and light rail transit stations .
In order to encourage active aging , the government is bringing activities closer to housing estates like the RC or CC .
These activities include not only physical activities , and also voluntary activities .
The government also set up the Council for Third Age to further promote active aging (MCYS , 2009) .
Presently , though , social policies are still solely drafted  by the government .
However , Singaporeans can be involved in improving these policies by providing feedbacks through government portals like Reach .
With such initiatives , policies are now more focused on improving the lives of Singaporean as a whole .
Aging population is now the uprising enigma that alarms the nation of its increasing elderly dependency and diminution of productivity .
The proportion of elderly Singapore residents aged 65 and above had increased from 7 .4% in 2003 to 8 .5% in 2006 .
The number shall increase further as the proportion of children below 15 years has steadily declined from 28% in 1980 to 19 .3% in 2006 .
It is undeniable that Singapore is facing the emerging healthcare ramifications due to the aging process .
Thus , the healthcare medical advancement indubitably has a pivotal role in easing the aging progression .
Additional healthcare facilities and services are to be provided in line with the aging process .
The escalating figure of aging population will certainly increase the numbers of patients afflicted to intricate diseases such as Ischaemic heart diseases .
With aging population , the likelihood of patients suffering from multiple organ failure will start to increase too .
Nonetheless , the number of hospitalizations due to such medical conditions may amplify as well .
In order to rectify the homeward bound predicament , not only more elder-friendly friendly facilities have to be constructed , but  critical care medical treatment and surgery is  required too .
However , this could prove  to be a major hitch as there is an emerging need for critical care programmes .
Various medical institutions should offer training and preparation to medical professional personnel to equip them with the necessity to counter the upcoming crisis .
The progression of aging could be also alleviated with new and hi- tech medical advancement .
Since the 2003 , Singapore General Hospital has performed numerous robotic surgeries ever since the robotic surgical system , known as Da Vinci Surgical was introduce .
This has significantly augmented the precision of intricate surgeries as well as trimmed down much of the risk faced by the patient during surgical operations .
With the marvel breakthrough of medical advancement , elderly members who are the ones that  health problems are better furnished with finer medication procedures .
However , technology and science cannot replace the need for healing relationships among the medical personnel and patients .
Dr Vivian Balakrishnan , Minister for States and National Development once says that while technology and science continue to alter medical procedures and techniques , health care at its core remains a high-touch profession .
Care is provided by people , not technology , buildings or drugs .
( Dr Vivian Blakrishnan , 2002) Through caring interactions , patients especially the old and needy members can be emotionally and psychologically motivated to fight against the associated sickness .
Thus , healthcare professionals are required to constantly enhance their ability to communicate and care , not just mainly rely on the development of technology and science .
In addition , with the robust production of supplementary healthcare products nowadays , the level of personal healthiness of the elderly can be much maintained .
Taking healthcare products such as natural vitamins and mineral salts is able to build up one's immunity system against viral and bacterial infections .
It is often said that prevention is better than cure .
These supplementary products not only can fortify one's immunity system , but also improve one's mind alertness and body vigor .
Elderly should be taking complementary healthcare products to strengthen their body against diseases as we well as retaining their mental alertness .
At this point one may wonder  whether the manufactured supplementary healthcare products are safe to be consumed as there are cases that the products are proven to be potentially health hazardous .
However , numerous measures have been imposed by authorities such as the Health Sciences Authority to insure that the merchandises are secured to be utilised .
Nonetheless , consumer themselves have to prudent when selecting the varieties of healthcare products .
In conclusion , progress of development in healthcare needs have to always be maintained at a high pace as the tempo of aging progression hastens .
More funds should be provided to increase more research and development in the pharmaceutical and medical sciences fields as well as importing more advance technologies .
This would largely aid in resolving the predicaments of declining personal health system that an aging population will encounter .
Peter G . Peterson concludes that global aging may still impose unsustainable fiscal and economic burden unless the developed countries confront the daunting problem of rising healtcare cost and how to set limits on healthcare .
(Peter G . Peterson , 2001) Yet , insufficient healthcare development spending may degenerate the health standards of the nation and so , in turn reduces productivity even more significantly .
Public spending should therefore be more focused on providing excellent healthcare facilities and services which would benefit and ease the growing health crisis amidst the aging population .
"As Singapore becomes accustomed to being an affluent and rapidly ageing society , the issue of financing the aged has become more pressing requiring reassessment of the existing arrangements ."
(Chan , 2002) Should the Singapore government spend more on the aged or should the money be diverted to other areas of the country's development ?
By generating economic growth for the country , the aged would also benefit .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Public spending refers to expenditure by government .
A principal source of revenue or income to pay for public spending is taxation(Tiscali , 2009) .
Some of the other areas in the country's development that require public spending are like social services and benefits , education , infrastructure and development projects like transport , housing and employment (Anonymous , 2009) .
It is important for the government to spend in this area so that the country's economy and social condition will improve .
Many argue that limiting public spending on the elderly would only leave  their families to face with issues on education , housing , social services and transportation .
By cutting expenditure on welfare programs for the elderly , individuals and families are  responsible for a larger share of the cost incurred by the elderly . .
They would need to provide the cost for their own old age dependency , according to Robert B . and Laura S . in  .
Besides , such cost may even be greater than the original cost of running welfare programs for the elderly .
In addition , limiting public spending on the aged would mean that individuals have to provide the cost for their own old age dependency .
This is  beneficial for the country as people will learn to depend on themselves .
They would be able to able to work betterand attain higher income so as to help support education , housing , social services and rising cost of transportation for themselves .
It would be  useful  when there is an economic downturn and the government is not able to spend on the aged .
"An aging population will push up pension and healthcare costs , forcing major increases in public spending that could slow economic growth in rich and poor countries ."
(Fox , 2009) Clearly , as Singapore experiences the problem of ageing population , it is important to generate economic growth for the country to benefit the aged .
Higher expenditure on areas like infrastructure and education , allows the country to achieve greater economic growth which  in turn will solve the problems of aging population .
With better economic and social condition in the country , people would become richer and affluent .
This would then reduce the worries of individuals and their families about issues pertaining to education , housing , social services and transportation .
Even though family members are responsiblefor taking care of their elderly ,  many assume that the government would be responsible for it because of its vast resources .
.
Some took advantage of the situation and make use of the low-cost medical facilities , as can be seen in the long queues formed at the polyclinics in Singapore . .
This may lead to people who are in urgent need for medical consultation being delayed , which in turn , may cause serious consequences .
Financial help should be given to those who are really in  need , instead of allocating large amount of funds to all the elderly .
Many elderly are still able to work and support themselves , thus they don't need the help of the government .
According to the one article , PM Lee said that "the best way to keep health costs down is by maintaining a healthy lifestyle" (Channel News Asia 2009) .This implies that as long as the elderly keep themselves healthy , lesser burden will be placed on the government .
Therefore , part of the public spending on the aged can be diverted to developing other sectors of the country , so as to ensure that the public spending is well-allocated .
Even though there are schemes to make people save for their old age now , the older generation who have little or no education , are not able to comprehend what these schemes are about and what benefits they will get . .
Therefore they need the aid of the government to help them cope with their medical issues and their daily lives .
More elderly friendly facilities in the neighbourhood of the elderly should be built and good values such as giving up seats to the elderly should be taught to the public to help the elderly to cope  with their daily lives .
For example , in Singapore , there are priority seats for the elderly so that they do not have to stand for long hours .
If money were to be diverted to other area of developments ,  .
Therefore public spending is essential , and it  should not be limited to assisting the developments of other areas  and neglect the major problem of ageing population  .
However , many social problems caused by the elderly are mainly due to the lack of education .
More resources should be allocated to develop the country's education system so as to ensure the continuous supply of good labour and also to educate the public of the importance of self-reliance .
With more people receiving education , they will understand the importance of planning for their future and developing the culture of taking care of themselves and their elderly .
Therefore , funding for the aged should be limited , so as to provide more funds for the development of other areas , such as the education sector . .
"Over the past two decades , journalists and scholars have periodically commented on how rising public spending for older people is expected to threaten if not erode public commitments to other deserving groups ."
said Paul W . Newacheck (Health Affairs , 2004) .
Public spending is money expended from the government to pay for the country's expenses (Business Dictionary , 2009) .
The money can come from different sources , with the majority coming from taxation .
For instance , the tax policy in Singapore is drawn out based on the notion of guiding desirable behaviour towards different economic and social goals .
Therefore , public spending should emphasize not only the social , but also the economic development of the country .
However , there are many emerging concerns about the ageing society in many developed countries .
Limiting public spending for the aged may in turn bring about social problems , as well as other issues that concerned family responsibilities and dignity .
As the percentage of the aged increases , the percentage of people generating income in the country diminishes .
Without the government to shoulder part of the burden , most immediate families of the elderly will find it financially taxing on their part .
In worse cases , cash-strapped children will be unwilling to take care of them due to the high standards of living and healthcare costs increasing each year .
This problem falls back on society , as abandoned parents will be left to fend for themselves (Megawati Wijaya , 2009) .
A research in Singapore shows that the Geylang East Home for the Aged , a shelter for elderly abandoned by their family , said that its 37-bed home is always full .
In many cases , the families of these abandoned aged just passed their responsibility to another institution .
(Avia Collinder , 2008) Also , I feel that most elderly people have a strong sense of dignity and self worth , considering their lifelong achievements and efforts throughout the years (Nordenfelt L , 2003) .
These people are most probably not going to turn to government's aid even if their own families reject them .
Without the government's initiatives , the elderly people are going to go through a hard time coping in  society .
Nonetheless , it still can be argued that directing public spending to other areas of the country's development can indirectly offset these social problems .
By investing in other areas , we can empower these three groups of people: employers , families and the elderly .
Firstly , this amount of money can be used to help businesses and individuals struggling from the recent economic crisis .
For instance , the government implemented the Job Credit Scheme in Singapore .
This scheme was introduced to preserve jobs during the economic downturn .
Basically , participating employers will receive a cash grant based on the CPF contributions they have made for their existing employees(IRAS , 2009) .
It serves as a winning tool as the employers get to bring their businesses to a higher level , and  existing workers in turn retain their jobs .
In this way , these benefiters can fulfill their basic responsibilities better , such as in taking care of their own families with the higher purchasing power they have .
Secondly , education and learning are important factors contributing to a country's success .
With the society changing constantly , the monetary support which the government can provide is only temporary .
Often , people need to improve themselves to keep up with the demands and needs of their surrounding milieu .
For example , investing on current employees to advance their expertise in the workplace can land them with better promotion prospects and job security .
Equipping the younger generation with relevant skills can also allow them higher chances of securing better jobs of their preferences in the future .
Also , the government can educate these people about their responsibilities by emphasizing the role of the family in caring for the elderly (Megawati Wijaya , 2009) .
With better jobs and increases in income , they can help the families to cope with the high standards of living and spiraling healthcare costs for the aged .
As a result , social stability can be fulfilled while economic growth is being spurred .
Lastly , investments can be made on healthcare to empower the aged to take charge of their own health .
Research studies in New York showed that living a healthy lifestyle is very important to the elderly people in their journey of conquering new physical , emotional and mental challenges (Admin in Aging , 2008) .
The level of physical activity needed to be exerted for beneficial results is attainable by majority of the aged (Gerontology , 2002) .
The government can also hold "Healthy Lifestyle" campaigns to encourage the aged to engage more actively in activities , and promote healthy aging .
On top of that , the involvement of their immediate families in the process will be a bonus in helping them to cope with ageing .
With a blissful mind and a healthy body , these elderly will be less likely to seek emotional and social help from the government .
All in all , limiting public spending on the aged and directing the funds into other areas of development such as businesses , education and healthcare is more rewarding then just focusing on the needy groups .
Although the help is theoretically superficial , it is indirectly helping the society to deal with the ageing society more effectively as compared to  using  monetary support , which is a temporary solution .
This solution is made much easier when we understand the bigger picture .
If we do not pay attention to the long term effects the problem is going to cause , we will risk the possibility of allocating  limited resources for the wrong usage .
The aged might have devoted their youth and even their whole life to serving the society; and public spending on the aged is therefore necessary .
In fact , every one of us , regardless of doing mental or physical work , has made a significant contribution towards the development of society .
.
Hence , as long as a person has sacrificed for the social development of society ,  he should be looked after by the state when he is old , even if he could no longer contribute in his area of work . .
If the public spending on the aged is limited , the burden on the children or younger generation will be much heavier since they will have to bear with more expenses incurred by their parents .
It was claimed that families and individuals will face many issues if welfare programs are cut or restructured (Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer , 2005) .
A survey in China showed that "living and working pressure makes people powerless to take care of their parents"; and this kind of pressure has become  a great difficulty for young people now (Wang Jun , 2009) .
In today's society , many people of working age , with their own careers and families , have to withstand considerable economic pressure .
Once the elderly reach their old age , they are afflicted with a variety of ailments .
Expensive medical and health care cost  , in addition to the very high daily cost , have indeed caused  serious difficulties .
So ,  when the children have to bear the medical expenses and the cost of everyday lives of their parents , they tend to live beyond their income .
The gap between the rich and the poor in  present society is still apparent .
When  the government subsidies are reduced , retired people from high-income groups may still be comfortable with their finances , but the relatively poor people will face  difficulties in livelihood .
Higher income people tend to have more savings , and so they can enjoy a carefree retirement .
However , people from the low-wage sectors in general do not have much savings , since they are often faced with the problem of having  insufficient money to spend .
In their later years , if they encountered ungrateful children who are unwilling to take care of them ,  Many people today spend money on their own  families , the needs of their children , as well as the pursuit of material comfort   , instead of  spending money on their parents .
At this point , a notion of "Parental Support Law" has been suggested to force the children to be filial to their parents (Huang Yu Shan , 2002) .
However ,  .
If a legal act is required to force people  to support their parents , does it mean that our moral values have deteriorated  ?
Clearly ,  public spending on the aged should be continued to protect the rights and benefits of the aged .
The aged have dedicated so much to the development of a country and they should be thanked .
Reduced public spending will increase the burden of the children and furthermore , poor people will become poorer .
.
In fact , we all will grow old one day .
According to the Singapore Department of Statistics , the life expectancy of Singaporean has increased noticeably to 78 .0 for male and to 82 .8 for female (as cited from Press Release , Singapore Department of Statistics , 2008) .
Although that is good news  , it also leads to some unpleasant problems for Singapore , such as increasing the financial burden for elderly-care .
From my perspective , economic development is not only the key factor in easing the aging problem  , but also is the key solution to some serious problems caused by this process .
First of all ,  it is commonly believed that a well-funded life which arises from economic success will help people to  purchase sufficient food for their own consumption .
At the same time , there are more facilities  , such as pools for swimming , courts for playing tennis , indoor gyms for various kind of sports .
With  financial sufficiency , people can live an easy life and  .
For instance , living in air-conditioning buildings helps us  or using  robots reduces death rates in some high-risk jobs .
In the other words , as a result of economic development , we have been enjoying better and healthier lives .
Secondly , economic development also encourages the improvement of services  .
Among  them , the entertainment industry should be mentioned as the most obvious one .
, more and more entertainment parks , visual and virtual products ,  such as films and games come into our life .
.
For example , a typical citizen in a globalised city , such as Tokyo or London , can now enjoy his or her weekendtime in a hundred destinations for recreation and some of them are known worldwide .
Alternatively , they can stay at home and choose among tens of local and international TV channels to watch or they can surf the internet to visit millions of websites .
Indeed , it is no doubt that  .
What is more , a prosperous economy can also foster further technological invention , medical innovation as well as educational improvement , which all are considered to be important factors in alleviating the aging process .
Once government sufficiently finances medical research , more diseases can be cured or prevented more effectively .
In the same pattern , once the educational level is raised , people can be more aware of how to take care of themselves , as  well as to live long and healthily .
In conclusion , today's developed countries have been increasingly confronted with the aging process and its consequences .
,  contribute to easing this process but economic factor  .
, a prosperous economy not only lengthens the of the general population  , but also allow people to live more healthily and lighten their social burden  on elderly care .
While the population is shifting towards a greying one , many would start to worry about the ease of aging in the current society , especially amidst a time of financial crisis and difficulty .
Current research and development such as medical advancement and barrier free housing estates are examples that have helped ease the aging process .
However , more emphasis should be placed on the development of social policy that will help to alleviate and address concerns such as the lack of financial support and social care , which affects the elderly more directly .
Meanwhile , there are already policies in place , such as the Central Provident Fund (CPF) , Lease Buy Back Scheme (LBS) and housing grants for married children staying near parents , which are all structured to aid the aged in terms of financial and healthcare issues .
The Central Provident Fund is a savings account for all workers in Singapore for them to set aside a sum of 33 percent of their wages for retirement purposes  .
This sum of money will serve as a source of income when one cannot work in the future due to old age .
On top of that , a subset of the CPF called the Medisave account , will serve as a backup sum to pay for any medical bills should the need arises .
Therefore , they would not have to strain their pockets to pay for their health care when they have already stopped working .
At this juncture , one may wonder how the Medisave account could be sufficient when medical fees these days are so steep .
Treatment for common illnesses , such as stroke would have already chalked up thousands  and things could be a lot more worse , should there be more than one illness to treat .
However , this could be solved by purchasing Medishield or third party healthcare insurance using the Medisave itself .
The insurance will serve to cover most of the medical expenses , if not all .
In the event that an individual is not being able to pay the minimum amount , they can apply for the Medifund , which is an endowment plan funded by the nation's economic growth , targeted to help those who still cannot afford to pay the bills despite already being heavily subsidised .
With these in place , the aged will be well taken care of and given a peace of mind in monetary ; and they could live in a more comfortable environment during old age .
For those elderly who have funds that are locked in the form of housing assets , there is a solution for them too .
Just recently , on March 2009 , the government introduced the Lease Buy Back Scheme (LBS) for elderly to sell off the tail end thirty years lease of their flats in return for a life-long monthly retirement income .
These elderly will stand to enjoy a supplement to their retirement income on top of what they will receive from CPF payout .
Depending on the age group , an amount ranging from $500 to $800 will be issued to them monthly after an upfront sum of $5000 .
Again , we can see how public policy has shaped to help the elderly to acquire a less financially taxing aging process .
Apart from being well taken care of in medical bills , the elderly needs to be looked after in their social well-being too . .
It is in the government's interest that these elderly do receive an appropriate amount of attention and care so that they will not be deprived of company at old age .
This is why the Housing Development Board (HDB) came up with a housing grant of forty thousand dollars to encourage the younger generations to live in flats close  their parents .
The policy will benefit not only the purchaser in terms of cost  , but it will also help to propagate the importance of filial piety in  society .
When  married children are housed near to their parents , they are more likely to visit them frequently due to convenience and simultaneously , the elderly will be taken care of physically as well .
Opponents of this scheme may argue that the opposite may take place instead .
Rather than having the married couple to look after their parents , it might be the couple  exploiting  their parents; such as living off them or   treating them as babysitters for their own children .
Nevertheless , this actually aligns with the government's aim: fostering mutual care between the young and elderly .
By housing them in close vicinity , it actually adds  purpose to the lives of the elderly as well .
"That's why fitness facilities , children's playground and elderly exercise equipment are put together" quoted Mr Mah BT (2008) in a housing speech .
All this contributes to making the aging process a more fruitful and meaningful one .
In the presence of these numerous social policies , many aspects of the aging process have been addressed by the government and this has served to mitigate some of the most common concerns among the elderly .
These policies have benefited the elderly and will continue to provide assistance to them in the future .
Therefore , it is evident that current research and policies have helped to ease the aging process and made retirement a less burdensome one .
The growth of the aging population is increasing at an alarming rate .
From research , in developed nations , people born in the twentieth century can live for 35 years longer than people who are born in the nineties .
The increase in aging population reflects the need for better healthcare and social services .
This is because as people aged , their health will deteriorate and this results in the increase of healthcare and social cost .
To ease this aging process , government and other industries initiated various efforts to reduce spending on healthcare and elderly dependency on the younger generation .
With continual advancement in the medical industry , current research and development in better healthcare services and facilities like building new community hospitals , providing long-term care services and developing electronic health record system (EHR) , can help ease the problems of healthcare cost and elderly dependency .
Therefore , I agree that current research and development in the field of medicine have eased the the aging process .
Firstly , the building of new community hospitals provide intermediate healthcare for the elderly who do not require consultation from the general hospitals .
With such developments , the elderly can save cost and receive appropriate healthcare treatments more conveniently .
However , convenience does not mean it is affordable .
Healthcare cost in Singapore is constantly rising with the advance in technology .
A single hospitalization can cost up to thousand of dollars .
If the elderly do not have enough savings  , they may depend  on the government or their children .
However , Singaporeans enjoy healthcare subsidies .
The amount of subsidies on hospitalization will be determined by means-testing .
This way , the government reduces the financial dependency of the elderly by providing help based on their financial needs .
In addition , there are also other financial subsidies available ,  like the Medisave , Medishield and Medifund to keep healthcare cost affordable for Singaporeans .
Secondly , Long-term care services like home care and rehabilitation can allow patients to recover in surroundings that are more comfortable and with their families around them . .
These Long-term care services involved two board categories: residential healthcare and community healthcare , which are managed by Voluntary Welfare Organizations (VWO) or by private operators .
These are cheaper support alternatives as compared to leaving elderly patients in hospitals .
In cases where the family cannot provide attention to or support for the needs of the elderly , they can seek for community healthcare services that are carried out at home or in a centre .
Such services can help to reduce the elderly's emotional dependency on their children too .
However , some volunteers for the elderly home care or rehabilitation centre may lack  profession skills , as compared to those provided  in hospitals .
The elderly may not be receiving the most appropriate medical help .
Fortunately , the government has already recognized the importance of such services to ease aging process .
In the 2009 budget speech , over $500 million will be spend in the next five years on training staff and improving this long-term care services for elderly Singaporeans .
Thirdly , the development of electronic health record system (EHR) helps to increase efficiency and accuracy of a medical diagnosis .
Many elderly with chronic illnesses may have complex medical backgrounds .
With this system , medical information of the elderly will be stored in the database and it is accessible to medical institutions island wide .
As a result , doctors and their staff can reduce the amount of  in gathering healthcare background information forthe elderly and reduce the amount of complicated paperwork .
There are arguments that the implications of this system would be excessive costs .
Just by setting up the system nation-wide , the government will be spending about SGD$200 million over the next two years .
However , based on research , the usage of the Electronic Health Record system can help to reduce duplication and error in medical prescription  , resulting in a cost reduction of  as much as USD$50 billion per year .
Therefore , we can conclude that  research and development can help to decrease healthcare spending and improve the quality of service efficiently .
Today , as our society is faced with the issue of ageing population , the needs for better healthcare and social services will increase .
Advancement in research and development within the medical industry has helped to ease the effects of aging population .
As a result , better healthcare services and facilities are created and they have effectively reduced healthcare cost and elderly dependency .
With the constant advancement in healthcare system , people can enjoy a longer life with better health without subjecting  the society to the adverse effects of aging .
To a large extent , I strongly agree that medical advancement has helped to ease the aging process .
In the Singapore's context ,  8% of the  population is over the age of 65 and by 2035 , it will increase to 20% .
Hence , medical advancement will prove to be beneficial for the aging population in Singapore .
However , I would like to stress that not the entire aging population can take advantage of  the medical advancement .
.
As such , a lot of aging population in Singapore will not be able to afford the high fees for advanced medical treatment that includes the use of advance technology in medicine and treatments .
This might also lead to  from part of the population who would choose not to seek any medical help due to  .
Nevertheless , this  problem has alerted the government to offer financial aids to the needy the aging population in Singapore .
The Singapore government has been actively promoting awareness of health care issues among the elderly population in general .
The Ministry of Health (MOH) has recently launched insurance financial plans for elder care .
The names of the insurance plans are called Eldershield and Eldershield Supplements (as cited from Central Provident Fund Board Ask Us , 2009) .
These programs will  provide helping hands for  aging population in Singapore .
This also  all the  aging population in Singapore to sign up these insurance plans  .
The reason for doing this is because the  needy elderly in Singapore will be covered by this insurance plan .
Thus , when they want to use this insurance plan for any emergency use , they can use it anytime .
Premiums for this insurance plan can also be paid from Medisave .
Thus , all the needy aging population in Singapore will be taken care of by the Singapore government .
Therefore , the families of the aging  group can also go to the respective hospitals to seek for financial aids  .
The Singapore government will providesubsidies for all the elderly when they seek for medical treatment .
Thus , with the solutions given by the Singapore government , they will help  the aging population to gain  .
In order to reduce this high medical advancement expenses , The Ministry of Health (MOH) has been reaching out to the senior citizens in Singapore by implementing mobile screening buses for the monthly health check (as cited from Health Promotion Board , 2009) .
Ministry of Health (MOH) has decided to make the efficient and accessible screening more affordable and convenient for all the needy elderly in Singapore .
All the needy elderly would just need to pay less than $10 for their blood test in ahealth check package comprising checks for diabetes and high cholesterol levels .
This also resulted that all the needy aging population in Singapore were given a chance to receive certain  in Singapore .
Not only that , all the residential committees (RC) and community centres in many neighbourhoods were promoting this meaningful and  health program to the needy aging population in Singapore  .
Thus , this will be beneficial to all the aging population in Singapore who could not afford any medical fees .
Last but not least , I strongly agree that medical advancement has eased  the aging process with the help of the Singapore government .
Thus , this also shows that  the aging population in Singapore is being well taken care of by the Singapore government .
With the budget given by the government , the aging population in Singapore will be given an equal entitlement to  medical advancement  to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
"Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development ."
Do you agree ?
Introduction
It is always a thorny issue when it comes to the allocation of the budget pie for the country's development .
Whether it is for educational , economical , societal or military advancement , it is of paramount importance that policy makers make suitable decisions in the best interests of the country and its people .
In my opinion , channeling too much government funds to taking care of the aged can have detrimental effects on the country's development .
Therefore , I am for the statement that public spending on the aged should be limited .
Uncontrolled government spending on healthcare or infrastructure for the aged could result in other groups of needy people not getting their share of the government's financial aid .
These include the handicapped , juvenile delinquents and low income families .
These less privileged groups of people are also members of the society who require our assistance .
Not attending to their needs may have serious impact on the society .
People from low income families struggling to make ends meet may be desperate and might resort to robbery and burglary to ease their financial burden .
Teenagers who engage in unlawful behaviours that defied established criminal codes or deviate from societal norms may continue with their misbehaviours , such as running away from school or home , or even committing petty crimes , if they failed to receive help from respective government bodies and the community .
These are complex social problems that might significantly impact other members of the society , and hence , the development of the country , if not handled appropriately .
Public funding is also required in the development of our education sector as Singapore continues to establish herself as an education hub .
In Singapore , the importance of education cannot be over emphasized .
Large amount of funds are pumped into the education sector so that the younger generation can receive the best education .
These could be in the form of better school sports and laboratory facilities , more funding for enrichment courses or even upgrading of school compound to accommodate more students .
In addition , funding could also imply subsidies for needy students .
Students under Finance Assistant Scheme (FAS) could be provided with school uniforms , school shoes and basic school materials .
Merit bursaries and scholarships can be awarded to students who excelled in their academic and exhibit positive traits and qualities in other aspects of their life .
Singapore also has a mandatory six years Primary Education for all Singaporean .
Financial aid will be needed to ensure that poor families , who cannot afford to send their children to school , could do so .
The ministry stands by the notion that no deserving student should be deprived of education .
As a former president of the United State of America once said , "Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education .
The human mind is our fundamental resource ."
It is clear that education is one of the key aspects for the progress of a nation .
Without sufficient funds from the government , these plans cannot be implemented to their fullest extent .
People often mention that Singapore has only human resource .
Not developing our resources' full potential through education will indeed impede our country's development .
If significant amount of funds is needed in the education sector , there is then a need to limit expenditure on the aged .
It is difficult to draw the line as to who should be given how much of the government's budget .
But it is important to realize that , channeling funds into the education sector  may bring about more productive future generations who would in turn help to support the  aged in time to come .
In comparison , diverting funds to support the aged would appear to have no returns .
Diverting funds to other areas can be regarded as a better "investment" by policy makers and would aid in the country's development .
In conclusion , the government has to carry out careful planning on public spending .
Channeling excessive budget or limiting any one of the areas is not beneficial to the country's development .
The Government has to make critical decisions , reviewing their decisions regularly , so as to determine which aspects of the country's development should be the main focus at different periods of time .
In the long run , the government must seek to  for the older generation , at the same time less burdensome for the younger generation .
Perhaps government should introduce policies which could add value to the aged workers , in turn increasing their productivity .
The government should try to accommodate the aging issue while limiting public spending on the aged .
With their vast knowledge and rich experience from their many years of contributing to the society , the aged would definitely be an important resource the country could tap on .
In this highly modernized world , most democratic countries depend on their government for support in an array of areas , usually in the form of monetary support .
Such financial singular by the government is termed as public spending .
A principal source of income for public spending comes from taxation .
As widely known , taxation is very limited and thus public spending has to be circumscribed .
Hence the efficient allocation of funds on public spending is deemed important as  it is definitely not able to cover the amount of funds required by the entire society .
Hence , the question as to how much we should spend on an area compared to another emanates .
Public spending are funds that are used on the society and the aged certainly has a share of it as well .
Diverting much of the public spending to different areas of the country's development is certainly abominable as we would be leaving the defenseless aged to fend themselves against the numerous problems that surface while aging .
Hence , we should limit the spending on the elderly , but only to a small extent so as not to create another problem for the elderly which adds on to their already heavy burden .
In a pragmatic view , channeling large amounts of funds to the singular of the country such as research and development and education would in the long run benefit the country's economic growth .
However , it would be morally wrong to leave the elderly who are part of the society alone .
The elderly did contribute much to the country in their younger age and the society should be obliged to look after them when they are older and not cast them aside .
Furthermore , public spending is made for everyone in the society to enjoy and seek help from and we cannot limit the funds for the elderly just because they are not able to produce any returns after enjoying the funds .
Therefore we should not limit public spending to a large extent .
With changing values in the developed countries , people are giving birth to fewer children .
This change in mindset changes the percentage of young against the old .
As a result , the percentage of old is certainly rising rapidly .
With increasing amount of people turning into old age , the portion of the public spending on the aged should not be decreasing instead .
Nonetheless , the focus of a country is to grow and prosper and development in other areas are seemingly more important .
Therefore , the society has to maintain a high standard of living as a developed world and since the elderly form the bulk of the society; we should spend more to help improve their lives so as not to lower our overall standard of living .
Hence we should spend on other developments but not at the expense of forgoing that for the elderly .
The aging process is an inevitable part of life .
It brings about physical , emotional and social changes that affect individuals significantly .
Following developments and advancements around the world , governments of developed nations are faced with the challenge of a fast aging population .
For example , in Singapore , it was reported that by the year 2030 , one in five residents will be 65 years or older , a significant shift compared to one in twelve residents in the year 2005 .
CITATION The04 \l 1033 (The Committee on Ageing Issues , 2004) .
As Singapore has limited resources , there is much concern about how much of the resources the government should spend on the aged .
However , public spending on the aged should not be sacrificed even in the face of practical realities as society has a moral duty to take care of the elderly .
The significance of limiting public spending on the aged is the shift of financial burden to the individuals and their families .
When government spending on the aged is cut down , it leaves the individuals and their families to shoulder a larger portion of the costs involved .
The financial allocation for the different usages and needs in the family have to be reconsidered as a result .
Adults will face  the dilemma between providing for their aged parents or supporting their young children's education .
In most cases , the aged would be neglected or a few may even be abandoned in nursing homes .
incorrect in-text citation (Khalik , 2009) .
This gives rise to the social implications like the issue of filial piety that would have a negative impact on society .
The elderly made a commendable contribution to the society when they were younger and active in the workforce .
Being an active part of the workforce in their earlier days , the elderly had contributed to the country's economy in a way .
They had played their part in the economy by being  plural in the country and bringing investment to Singapore by being productive and efficient members of the workforce .
Furthermore , the elderly had undergone experiences that differed significantly from the younger generations .
The lessons , skills and knowledge learnt through these experiences could be important and useful to the younger generations in dealing with the present and future challenges .
Hence , the elderly made significant contributions to the country  , which provides a strong background for the government and society to provide for them .
Asian moral values involves helping and respecting the elders . .
The older population is seen to be knowledgeable with the ability to impart valuable lessons and experiences to the younger generation .
Furthermore , the elderly had worked in bringing up the younger generation .
Hence , in Asian culture , there is moral obligation to care and provide for the elderly .
While there is strong presence of moral obligation to care for the elderly , it cannot be denied that there are other groups of people who are similarly in need of government financial help .
For instance , the physically impaired population requires extensive medical needs which require government funding .
However , the elderly make up a large part of the population and is estimated to be on the rise as the years progress .
incorrect in-text citation (The Committee on Ageing Issues , 2004) .
Whereas , the physically impaired make up a relatively a small part of the population in comparison and is present in different clusters of people .
It would thus , be more feasible for the physically impaired to turn to communal help from charitable organisations than for the elderly to turn to these organisations for singular .
Hence , it would be a wiser choice for the government to provide for the elderly population as the huge population will require a significantly large amount of funding .
The challenges of an aging population will continue to increase as the years progress , and the issues arising from it are multifaceted .
However , this does not mean that we should limit public spending on the aged on the basis of their decreased efficiency and productivity to society .
Instead , moral responsibilities should be taken into consideration in policy planning , in order for planners to make acceptable policies for the community .
Bibliography
BIBLIOGRAPHY Khalik , S . (2009 , Aug 17) .
Govt may act against children who dump their elderly parents .
The Straits Times  .
The Committee on Ageing Issues .
(2004) .
Report on the Ageing Population  .
Allocation of the state's budget has to be justifiable .
With competing interests that necessitate public spending , public spending on the aged would most likely be restricted .
Our government needs to be pragmatic in its allocation of financial resources .
several areas of the country's developments such as expanding on economic capability through business investment , allocating financial resources on infrastructure and technology , and investing on human capital seem to be of  importance than providing to the financial needs of the aged .
In fact , a more prosperous economy should provide the economic means to support the public spending on the aged .
Thus , managing the economy should come first .
A pragmatic government would rather channel resources to other areas of country's singular .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should and will be limited .
Economic growth is the basis to substantiate the monetary and social welfare benefits for the aged people .
In most countries , a large fiscal budget is on the engines of economic growth .
In Singapore , the engines of growth are from the tourism sector and knowledge and research intensive industries .
In the tourism sector , the focus is on the two integrated resorts which are currently being developed .
It is critical for such investments to establish as it provides employment opportunities .
Increase in tourism arrivals and the attraction of high end consumers will result in generation of high tourism revenues and revenues from high end retail shops .
On the other hand , knowledge and capital intensive industries have started up quite recently in Singapore .
Fusionpolis , Biopolis and business hubs have been set up in various parts of Singapore .
With all these economic developments , our economy can be expanded and sustained .
A stronger economy leads to higher household income .
Consequently , a larger tax base should then sufficiently provide a larger portion of public finance for the aged .
History reminds us of the contributions by our forefathers .
It is thus the responsibility of the society to look after them .
In countries such as the United Kingdom Kingdom , welfare systems and pension schemes are in place .
In contrast , public spending for the aged is limited in Singapore .
We can increase public spending for the aged , but it will compromise financial resources allocated for the general population .
In fact , investment should be on nurturing of our people as they are contributors to the economy .
training , re-training and investing on quality education ,  nurture the people .
Educational institutions provide quality teaching while re-training centres impart new skills so that skills do not become obsolete .
More public finance on the aged will compromise the investments on human capital .
In addition , it only satisfies the social and moral obligations to the aged .
Being pragmatic , we should look towards creating a future for ourselves and the future generation .
In addition , the aged are not the only ones who require monetary support , other needy groups , such as the handicaps , also require monetary support to fund their healthcare needs .
Therefore , the emphasis is not just on the aged .
Nonetheless , the aged will also benefit monetarily when the economy prospers and tax payment is increased .
Most countries have embraced the wonders of technology .
Like the rest of the countries , Singapore has infused huge financial resources on investment for technological upgrades and infrastructural developments .
The installation of an islandwide wireless broadband service is one of the recent technological upgrades .
With this service provision , it enables everyone to stay connected .
Apart from the improvement in telecommunication , our transport network has recently been extended , with an addition of the Circle Line route , which will lead to an increase to the total number of MRT stations by 2020 .
An improved public transport system increases accessiblity and reduces travelling time for most people .
Although these projects have huge costs borne by the government , the benefits still outweigh the cost .
Society benefits as these developments can be accessed by the public .
In addition , both of these long term provisions will reap in profits .
.
In conclusion , aged people cannot rely on the government to take full responsibility for their needs since there are other priorities in the country's developments which will create job opportunities , greater economic revenues , convenience and efficiency .Though the government has a social responsibility to look after the aged , families should take up the bulk of responsibility for caring and providing essential needs .
With more competing interests for financial resources , public finance on the aged is of least  concern .
it will definitely put a strain on the economic budget and does not reap any return if public spending on the aged has no limits .
In many countries , there is a common phase , a baby-boomer period .
Now , another phase that most nations are facing is the ageing population .
Countries are aware that this issue is pervasive and it will have profound implications to the facets of the society if they are not responding fast to it .
However , the question is , how much of a focus should a country place in it when there are other important areas to look into as well ?
With the stiff competition amongst nations , public spending on the aged should be spent only if necessary , but more focus should be placed in other aspects like for example , education , tourism and security which are the key factors to a country's economy and thus the survival of it .
Funds placed in these aspects can help ease the ageing process in the long run , 
I believe that measures to ease ageing issues can be done at a low cost and can be at the same time .
There are several viable methodssuch as Strong emphasis of family support and creating an awareness  about taking responsibility  filial obligation , insurance , healthy lifestyleand financial planning and ensuring the aged have enough retirement fund .
There are more private sectors dealing in health and nutrition , financial consultants to help in the management of assets .
More support could be given to all these sectors from the government .
.
Information may not reach out to the uneducated .
Hence funds have to be allocated to help them .
These are necessary expenditure that is unavoidable .
The aged should not be forgotten but spending on them needs to be limited and only if needed .
However , this will require the whole community's effort to make sure that cultivation of moral valuesand virtues are deeply rooted in them .
This is to ensure that the future batch of elderly are well-prepared for their own ageing process and not just wait for the government to take care of them .
Public spending on aged can then be reduced much more and more must be placed in other developments that can bring prosperity to the nation and minimize social issues .
With much credit to swift medical advancements , the average life span of a human being in America has shot up by 5 years in just a decade to 82 years today .
Such increase in longevity and the reduce in birth rates , will no doubt lead to an inevitable rise to the problems of aging , as there are fewer and fewer young people to support the rising number of elderly , both financially and/ socially .
Aging is a big issue , governments from all over the world are pushing forward policies and Research and Developments to stem its economical and social impacts on a country .
The number one killer of elderly is heart failure .
For instance , in- text citation is required , 5% of all the people aged 65 and above suffers from heart failure .
Although some elderly who suffer gentle heart failure could still maintain a relatively normal life , those who suffer to a severe extent have their day-to-day activities affected .
They no longer have the ability to pursue a normal and perhaps happy life .
However with R&D in the area of heart-related diseases , has led to the developments of new drugs and treatments to control and reduce the effects of heart failures in their everyday life .
Hence our current R&Ds have no doubt helped elderly by increasing their quality of life .
All in all , aging is part of the natural life cycle of an organism .
Everyone has a role to play to solve the persisting aging problem in many developed societies .
Policies to upgrade housing in Singapore have improved the living conditions of the elderly , together with the setting up of the senior citizens' corners I am convinced that the elderly can now participate more actively in the society and live off with a higher social well being .
As for the improvements in current R&D , we can all anticipate more ground-breaking inventions to relief elderly of pains from illness .
Also , having the elderly joining  the workforce can increase the total productivity and reduce the burden piled on family members .
Nonetheless , I am convinced  that current research and developments policies do play an important role to help ease the arduous aging process .
In this ever competitive world , the idea of the weak being more susceptible to elimination and the strong emerging victorious is not unfounded .
Indeed , this concept is applicable to a real life context in our society - the old versus the young workers .
The society now has this notion that the old would eventually become obsolete , exhausted and unproductive .
However , the aged has come a long way before they hit the supposed end of their economic lifespan .
Without their contributions , the modern society might not even exist .
The state has a certain responsibility to provide for the old .
To simply cut back funds on the grounds that the elderly can no longer yield any economic profits is an irresponsible act .
The old are worthy of every resources spent on them as they are still important assets to the nation .
In Singapore , much emphasis has been placed on providing a holistic education .
Children are spoilt for choices when it comes to choosing their desired education route and with a fourth university in the planning , learning has never been easier .
Nevertheless , no matter how refined the education system is , it could never instil moral values in children which are critical in tackling the ageing problem .
The State only has a partial duty in alleviating the situation of the elderly; the rest would belong to their closest kin .
Changing norms and mindsets coupled with an increasingly high standard of living  , is driving children to abandon their parents .
With no one to rely on or any proper financial aid , the elderly would be unable to fend for themselves and perhaps left homeless .
This would result in a degrading of the society as the wandering aged would eventually resort to desperate measures such as begging , stealing and possibly dying on the streets .
The increase in life expectancy would indicate a growing pool of aged workers .
As this segment of the population becomes more significant , spending is unavoidable .
In fact , the resources allocated do not have to be solely for the old as other sectors could also seek betterment from it .
For instance , the Lift Upgrading Programme (LUP) benefits the old as well as the disabled and the general citizens .
The society must avoid the pitfalls of classifying and relating old age to low productivity .
Ageing does not equate to redundancy .
The elderly have had accumulated a considerable amount of refined expertise that are still of societal use .
Instead of seeing them as a sector that would yield no returns , the old should be considered as an investment where providing them opportunities to share their experiences would enable the young to gain precious knowledge and learn from past mistakes .
This would pave the way for a more meaningful future for the subsequent ageing generation .
For countries with a small population such as that of Singapore , there exists the need to recruit foreign talents to fuel the economy .
Reduced tax rates , solid infrastructure and business-tailored policies are some of strategies utilized by the local government .
However , this would not sustain the interest in foreigners if the country lacks an appealing living condition .
One way to retain these foreigners is to improve  the welfare system for the aged .
This is not a totally farfetched approach based on the previous case where Singapore established a comprehensive child care system that resulted in many expatriates moving their family over to work and dwell here .
We could similarly use an impeccable retirement scheme to entice them to settle down permanently .
By making Singapore a better place for old age , it could resolve the issue of a diminutive pool of human resources as well as boost the State's economy .
All in all , the elderly should not be viewed as incapable of providing any further services to the nation .
Rather than condemning their low productivity , we should incorporate the old into our community for they had garnered experiences which are of practical use to the young .
The state shares a part in supporting the elderly for these are the people who had  a hand in nation building and morphing the society which we live in now .
Spending on the old does not denote an economic dead end .
To the contrary , the old has the potential to open new doors and bring about more opportunities both within and into the country .
Taking care of the aged is now a global issue that no country can steer clear of .
Some people might think that we should take a pragmatic approach and ignore the needs of the elderly as they can no longer serve the society .
However , who can deny that our older generations have contributed immensely to our society ?
No one can also be sure that all the aged people can lead good lives without any federal help .
Therefore ,  whether it is due to moral obligation or for fulfilling one's responsibility , compromising public spending on other areas of the country's development for the aged is unavoidable .
It is true that by doing so , a country's development and productivity will suffer .
Nevertheless , I believe that as long as the government is able to obtain a balance in the areas of public spending , the country's development can still progress without limiting public spending on the aged .
It is only right for us to take care of the aged as they contributed a great deal to what we have now .
Without the hard work of the older generation , we would not have the fundamentals of our society .
We can only prosper with a strong foundation , which the elderly had given us .
As a result , when they become feeble and require assistance , we should lend them a helping hand .
Not to mention , it is also a moral value to take care of the elderly .
However , spending money on them could have disadvantaged other groups of needy people .
For instance , it could have deprived the children in low income families from education .
Therefore , there is a need to organize strong branches of organizations , like Community Development Councils (CDCs) , to decide who to help in extreme cases .
The government should also engage in long term solutions , like Research and Development , to save money .
This would ensure the welfare fund is being distributed evenly .
To add on , less spending on the aged could have caused social problems .
Cases of conflicts over money problems at home; elderly loitering in void decks and parks; lonely elderly found dead and only discovered after a few days  , are not unheard of .
Reducing funds on this growing age group could cause these problems as the attention paid towards them would then be cut .
Some mentioned that it should be the children's responsibility to take care of elderly and some of the problems are inevitable .
Nonetheless , government intervention can minimize the possibility of having these problems .
The Maintenance of Parents Act is one good example of government intervention where taking care of elderly is  .
Under CPF Hosing Grant , there is now an incentive to live near parents too .
Thus , there is more likelihood for the younger generation to take care of their parents .
If the government can put in enough funds for the elderly and handle the aging problem holistically , this would benefit the country in the long run .
Working class Singaporeans would be motivated to work hard as they know the government would contribute in taking care of them as they aged .
This could stimulate economic growth .
Foreign talents would also be attracted to migrate here when we establish a welfare state image .
There is a worry that the diversion of spending could also result in a country's slow growth and low productivity .
Nevertheless , countries with more limited expenditure do no better or worse economically than countries with high social expenditure .
Taking Denmark for example , it is a welfare state , but yet , it is one of the top countries in income ranking (OECD , full stop after in-text citation It is also important to implement measures that require people to rely on oneself rather than the government .
On the whole , a country's public spending requires very delicate planning .
Since the aging population is one big issue now , necessary spending on the aged cannot be stingily kept away .
Not only is it due to moral obligation , ignoring the aging population would also result in other social problems that might be even more difficult to solve .
As the government wants to maintain a country's development , public spending on the aged should be limited but not to the minimal .
It should be at the maximum limit where the government can still withstand so as to help as many elderly as possible .
A nation's success does not solely depend on economic growth but the welfare aspect too .
Therefore with careful planning of expenditure , solving aging problem generously would benefit the country in long run .
The aging process is not a pleasant process for humans to go through .
However , the Singapore government had come up with some policies to help make the aging process a more comfortable one .
This is especially important , considering that Singapore had got one of the fastest aging populations in Asia , according to reports by the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports (incorrect in-text citation) .
Some of the developments and policies are the construction of studio apartments specially for the elderly , the upgrading of the Housing Board (HDB) lifts which helps to improve the elders living area , increasing the retirement age to allow the elders to be more self-dependent and implementing more healthcare benefits and subsidies for the elder Singaporeans such as subsidies for community hospital stay .
All these developments and policies have contributed towards easing the aging process in Singapore .
One of the many important points to take note for an aging society is the fact that the elders' physical ability , such as walking and bathing , would tend to deteriorate over time .
Therefore attention needs to be paid , to ensure a safe environment for the elders to live in .
The Singapore government acknowledged this requirement by introducing the studio apartments and the HDB lift-upgrading projects .
In January 09 , HDB stated that they would be building more studio apartments for the elderly .
These studio apartments are equipped with elderly-friendly features such as non- slip toilet tiles , small grab poles , which are to upkeep delete this and replace with 'and' offered at an affordable price .
The upgrading of lifts in the older flatsdelete the highlighted and replace with 'where' the lifts stops at every floor of the HDB flats also helped to ensure barrier-free accessibility for the elders .
However , some problems cropped up for the lift-upgrading projects .
This was mainly . . . due to the fact that not every flat was suitable to undergo lift-upgrading project and money was needed from the elderly in order for the projects to take place .
To minimize these problems , subsidies were given out for the projects .
Overall , all these facilities would help to create a safer environment for the elders to live in .
During the aging process , it is easier for the elders to fall sick as we can see from the statistics shown by the Hospital Admission Rates by Age and Sex in 2007 .
The government has thus planned healthcare subsidies and benefits for the elderly .
This is important as not every elderly is able to pay for the heavy medical bills .
These healthcare subsidies would help to offload a certain percentage of the community hospital's fees .
There is one problem with this policy in thats there are quite a few criteria that need to be fulfilled before an elderly could enjoy the healthcare subsidies and benefits .
However , these criteria were meant to sieve out the elders who truly needed help as compared to those who were actually able to afford their own medical bills .
The Singapore government has put in place many measures to help ease the aging process .
The construction of the studio apartment , lift-upgrading project , extension of the retirement age and the implementation of healthcare subsidies and medical benefits have all gone a long way to help ease the aging process .
All these developments and policies have helped to ensure that Singapore will be prepared in both the short run and long run against the problems of an aging population .
However as the aging population in Singapore becomes bigger in size , more research and development policies will need to be carried out to slow down the rapid growth of the aging population instead of easing the aging process .
Bibliography
1) Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports (MCYS) .
Electronic references .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from http://app .mcys .gov .sg/web/indv_abtageing .asp
2) Theresa Tan (2009 , January 12) .
HDB to build Granny flats .
The Straits Times .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from http://www .straitstimes .com/Breaking+News/Singapore/Story/STIStory_325164 .
html 3) Hospital Admission Rates by Age and Sex in 2007 .
(n .d .) .
2007 Mediclaim System .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from http://www .moh .gov .sg/mohcorp/statistics .aspx ?id=20514
One and a half decades ago , many countries had to support the aging population through ways like subsidies and public spending on health care services and facilities .
This has led to countries diverting some of the government revenues for the elderly .
As time passed , there is an increase in elderly in the society whereby 3 out of 10 people are elderly () .
The society finds it even more taxing to support the elderly in ways like subsidizing on healthcare or even facilities .
This leads to a continuous search for new research and developments/policies which can aid in today's aging population growth .
Emphasizing on the importance of filial obligation , encouraging greater productivity and improving in medical and science research are some of such examples .
Research generally targets the constellation of problems faced by the elderly , such as declining health - growing physically weak and feeble , emotional problems - living life in a shade of negativity , and social problems - feeling foreign and out of place in the society that they have once experienced .
However , the current research and development/policies unfortunately have provided more of a hindrance than an aid for the elderly .
An increase in emphasis on filial obligation can promote closer relationship within a family through policies such as rebates given to those living within certain proximity of their parents .
However , it does not cause the elderly to feel happier or even help to relieve the financial needs for medical treatment or basic necessities .
Firstly , working adults have a high cost of living which makes it difficult for them to pay for their parents' living expenses and at the same time afford their children's enrichment classes .
Moreover , working adults have very little time for themselves in this fast pace society , let alone for their parents .
As a result , the elderly often feel lonely as there is little or no interaction with their children .
They have no one to turn to when they need help , causing them to feel more negative .
Encouraging greater productivity among the non-elderly can increase the size of the economy and tax base .
This helps facilitate the public spending on the elderly .
For example ,  and attracting more foreign talents .
While these may seem to be plausible policies , they still cause the elderly to feel uneasy in the society .
Firstly , people would be pressured to accomplish more tasks in a given period which can lead to mental problems such as depression .
Elderly parents may end up looking after such working adults instead , imposing a heavier burden onto the elderly and government .
Furthermore , more elderly would be unemployed as they are unable to work as efficiently as the working-age adults which cause their social circle to shrink .
They will feel outcast by the society as they have the mentality that they are useless , and unable to contribute to the society .
There is an improvement delete highlighted and replace with 'in' medical and science research to cure illnesses which are usually associated with old age such as research on heart diseases and the invention of  artificial pancreas to replace any which fails with age .
However , these breakthroughs hardly ease the lives of the elderly .
Firstly , many low and middle income group elderly are unable to enjoy such medicines and healthcare treatments because such treatments tend to be long term care which can be very expensive for them to afford .
In addition , operations/ drugs have side effects which the elderly might not be able to recover from due to their failing health .
As a result , they might end up having more illnesses that can cause health to deteriorate .
Medical cost will be much higher than before .
In conclusion , the current research and development/policies has not quite fulfilled its aim of helping the elderly cope with their aging process .
The government is helping the general population of the elderly in terms of providing subsidies on research and development such as emphasizing on the importance of filial obligation , finding cures for illnesses that plague the elderly , and encouraging greater productivity .
All these ideas are good but in today's world , it is actually not feasible in helping the elderly to cope with aging process .
Very often , the elderly would be left feeling sad , weak and even outcast even with these current research and development .
The new research and development/policies in the future should be well thought so that they will provide aids for the elderly instead of hindrances for them to go through the last phase of their life .
Aging has been an issue in many countries and especially developed countries .
The declining workforce not only causes problems to the countries' economy but also brings along social problems as well .
Therefore , the governments shoulder the heavy responsibility of easing the aging process through helping individuals and in turn helping the public as a whole .
However , policies implemented by the Singapore government have mostly been unable to relieve the aging problems faced by the country due to their impracticality .
The Parent Maintenance Act is one of the many policies aimed at helping the elderly with their financial needs .
However , this policy does not solve the root of the problem , which is the erosion of filial piety value amongst the younger generation .
Being in an Asian country , many of the older generation have traditional views which hold that it is a family shame for an aged to be abandoned by their own children .
Furthermore , it would be emotionally traumatic to the old if they had to bring their children to court .
Thus , many would choose to suffer in silence than to sue their children .
In addition , implementing the Parent Maintenance Act does not benefit many of the illiterate aged as they have insufficient knowledge about it , yet they are the ones most in need of financial assistance as they would have little savings with their low-income due to their low education level .
A recent survey shows that the median annual income rises with the level of education of individuals (Digest of Education Statistics 2005) .
Also , the needs of an elderly are not only limited to financial ones but also emotional and physical ones as well .
Older people are more prone to having health problems .
Thus , care and concern from their family is just as important as money in order for them to survive .
The biggest issue is the willingness of the elderly in taking up the help rendered by the government .
Therefore , the policy is unfeasible and unable to fulfill the needs of the elderly .
Policies aimed at improving the employability of older workers may prove to be ineffective , thus creating economical problems apart from the existing social issues .
Retirement age of all Singaporeans was raised from 55 to 62 with effect from 1 January 1999 , as announced by the Ministry of Manpower .
Employers are also allowed to reduce the wages of employees beyond the age of 60 by up to ten percent .
Furthermore , the Central Provident Fund contribution by employers decreases with the age of the workers .
Some would argue that this policy would help older workers retain their job and get employment as the cost to employers is lowered .
However , employers may still not be willing to accept older workers due to their lower productivity .
As workers grow older , their health deteriorates and becomes less agile and thus less productive .
In the event where a company needs to lay off several staff , the older workers would usually be the ones retrenched as they would most likely draw the highest salaries .
Therefore , unemployment amongst elderly would be a common sight , increasing the number of financially dependent elderly .
The Government would have to tap into its budget to support the needy aged , resulting in a heavy burden on the working class .
Thus , these policies are ineffective without first changing the mindset of employers 
Evidently , the policies aimed at easing the aging process of a country have various aspects to be fulfilled in order for it to be effective .
Governments have to look into the economical and societal impacts an aging population brings along .
Apart from that , they have to satisfy the three different needs; i .e .
the financial , social and emotional needs of the elderly .
If any one of these aspects is compromised , Singapore would risk losing her foothold in this competitive world .
Scholars argue that it is more worthwhile to spend on other areas of development in a country such as defense , education , tourism and technology .
In Singapore , as well , emphasis is placed on these other areas .
For instance , in a recent Business Times article , it was mentioned that "government spending on Infocomm technology is set to rise 8%"delete full stop .
(2009 , February 19delete close bracket The Business insert clasoe bracket after Times .
Such development is indispensable for a country to survive in a rapidly advancing world .
If the government has to spend on the aged , fewer funds will be channeled into these areas , which is a cause for concern .
It may be a better decision to spend on the young as there are higher odds of return in this investment .
The young are more productive and equipped with updated skills .
The elderly are deemed to be less valuable to the society as they are weak and dependent on others .
An ageing population may cause a low productivity rate as seen by the Annual Growth in Labour Productivity figure; currently at: -7 .8% .
(2008 , {www .singstat .gov .sg}[HYPERLINK: http://www .singstat .gov .sg])
It is also our duty to take care of the aged before acknowledging our society as an ethical one .
In fact , counsellors have observed an increasing trend of the elderly living alone or being left under the care of charities or old folks' homes by their families (The New Paper , 2009) .
In such situations , the government has to play a part to provide for and protect the aged .
Also considering that the elderly had contributed to society during their working years , there is a moral responsibility on the government to pay them back .
It is not always necessary to measure everything in dollars and cents , and we must recognize that the aging process is not a simple one and accentuate on the development of 'elderly-friendly' facilities to ease the aging process for them .
An aging population may prove costly to the society and economy if the country fails to prepare for the situation .
Public spending on the aged is therefore deemed necessary to avoid such a crisis .
Despite the drawbacks , an aging population is linked closely to the development of Singapore .
The issue is also set to worsen in the future considering the low birth rate .
Nevertheless with proper planning , Singapore is currently handling the situation very well without compromising on the other areas of development .
Furthermore , with an increasing emphasis on filial piety , the government is able to ensure that the aged are taken care of even as they concentrate on defence , education , tourism and even the needy who require aid and are all in all vital to the growth of Singapore as a nation .
Thomas Love Peacock (1786-1866) once said , "The waste of plenty is the resource of scarcity" .
This quotation implies to everyone , including the government to make a wise decision when allocating limited resources in order to reduce further , unnecessary wastage .
There is much concern about the government's decision to allot a huge sum of the national budget on the elderly as it is uncertain on whether the investment on the aged will attribute or be to the country's development .
The best alternative is therefore to make a more sizeable investment by limiting the spending on the aged and divert the budget to other areas of the country's development .
The present paradigm of care for the elderly is a partnership between the government , community and family .
However , children often forgo their responsibilities to care for their parents and often point the thrust to the government because they believe their parents had gotten everything from the government .
Besides , children tend to abuse their parents' privileges allotted by the government by maximizing the usage of those privileges even though it is unnecessary .
For an example , elderly with little ailment often seek the best treatment as they are provided with either free or subsidized treatments .
Thus , those with chronic ailments are unable to seek the proper treatment they are supposed to get .
If the public spending is limited , children will have to send their parents for the appropriate level of  treatment and this will reduce wastage and increase efficiency in quality of care at the same time .
Thus , judging from the explanation , it is convincing to limit the public spending on the elderly .
Government should divert the budget initially allocated for elderly to the Research and Development (R&D) sector instead .
Investment especially in enhancing the medical research will make everyone better off and also indirectly help the elderly in a way .
Since elderly are prone to chronic ailments such as renal disease or heart failure , medical research will be able to produce new drugs and more flexible treatments for them .
This will eventually increase the life span not only for the elderly , but also for the other generations .
Besides , investment in R&D will be able to develop new technologies and new sectors will be introduced to collaborate with the usage of the technologies .
More job opportunities will be provided and everyone will be able to live a higher standard of living .
Thus , diverting the budget from the elderly to R&D will provide mutual advantage for both the elderly and  economic development .
The Government should invest more in the current education of the youth instead of investing the budget in the elderly .
This is mainly because youth are more progressive towards economic development in comparison to the elderly .
Thus , the opportunity cost to invest in the education is lower than to invest on the elderly .
Besides , moral value especially to make the children beholden to their parents can be inculcated by introducing the appropriate modules in their education .
This will help the elderly indirectly as the children are trained to embrace the Eastern value to respect and take care of their parents .
Investment in education will also lead to development in the country as education serves as a platform for further development in all other sectors such as R&D and Health .
Thus , such investment will definitely pay off in the future economic growth .
In view of providing mutual advantage to both elderly and economic development , it is best for the government to revise  its budget allocation so that the right proportion of budget is divided wisely among the ministries in the country .
Elderly should not be granted a lump sum but instead the fund should be diverted to other areas which will lead to future economic growth .
This is because administrating the budget to the elderly is only a one-way benefit but if the budget is allocated to other areas such as Education and R&D , everyone including the elderly can enjoy the advantage .
What is therefore needed is both a wise policy planning and a closer look at how the allocation will influence our future and society as a whole .
Statistics have shown that by 2030 , 20% of the population will be aged 65 and above (AoA 2009) .
This has raised concerns about the issue of our ageing population and how we could allocate our limited resources efficiently .
During the recent years , the increasing competition between the old and other groups in  society for scarce resources has been on the political agenda of many countries  .
How much public spending should the aged receive is a widely debatable topic .
Public spending should be channeled into developing infrastructure that caters to the needs of the aged , subsidies to lighten the financial burden of the medical bills of the aged and also activities to help bridge the elderly and society .
Ideally , there should be no restrictions to how much resource is diverted to the elderly .
However , due to practical reasons , spending needs to be limited .
Many may argue that public spending on the aged should not be restricted .
Restriction on the public spending may raise ethical debates; after all we have the responsibility of taking care of the aged to credit them for past contributions to society .
Although we have the obligation to look after the elderly , we have to limit the public spending on the elderly .
This is because it might result in detrimental social problems in the long run as other more beneficial developments might inevitably be neglected in the process .
Public funds could be channeled into education , military and other vital sectors of the economy , instead of to the aged .
These sectors may be critical to the nation's progress .
Hence with society's interest in mind , we should limit public spending on the aged so as to not impede the country's economic growth .
The changing demography of the population has led to many concerns regarding the large health expenses on the aged .
We tend to need more health care as we age , in addition to this , medical advancement has led to  rising health care cost , these have led to an increased pressure on the nation's budget .
The government cannot afford to bear the huge cost of public spending on the aged , as it would drain  government resources .
If we fail to limit  public spending on the aged , the pressure is likely to have an effect on public spending for other priorities , and also affect economic growth .
Moreover , from a pragmatic point of view , public spending on the aged would yield little or no returns .
Public spendings on the aged may be beneficial for the society's welfare in the short run; however , it might incur a huge cost on the economy in the future .
If we reasonably limit the spendings on the elderly , we could divert it to other investments , such as education and development of infrastructure , which improve the nation's competitiveness and global position , it would yield long-term returns and even generate revenue .
The products of the investment could then be used as public spending for the aged .
Public spending could be diverted to other areas , which could in turn sustain the aged in the future .
Therefore it is critical that we limit government spending on the aged now .
In conclusion , public spendings on the elderly should be limited due to the social problems which may arise from the lack of limited resources , the huge cost of the these public spending and the sustainability of the spendings .
We should not shortchange other groups of society and other developments of the nation , for the needs of the elderly .
Nonetheless , we must not fail to help the aged , but we could prioritize the expenditure such that other developments are not shortchanged in this process .
The community should do its part to help the elderly as well , after all the well being of the aged is our responsibility .
Charities such as the Community Chest can help to reach out to the elderly and hence lightening the financial load of the aged .
Individuals should fulfill their filial obligations and take care of their elderly parents or relatives .
No doubt , countries  are working on policies that can help to ease the aging process .
However , for policy makers their main objective is to think of policies and developments which can help the country in expansion or to ensure that it will not hinder economic growth .
In order for a country's expansion , policy makers are working on developments that can provide a valuable "public product" such as education and infrastructure .
The development of the education sector will enable  further generations to be more educated and to possess a higher level of skills .
Next , development on the infrastructure will attract more foreign investors to set up companies in the country .
With development in both education and infrastructure , foreign investors will choose to set up their companies in a country with a pool of talents and with great infrastructure with this it can boost  the country's economy .
Nevertheless working policies and development to assist the aged can help with the The Country's expansion .
This can be achieve by  placing emphasis  in increasing and raising more productive children in  futurer generations as  "by raising more productive children so that the cost burden is spread over a larger and more affluent future generation" (Paterson , 2001) .
Raising and increasing productive children not only can , attract foreign investors to invest in a country with pool of talents and the burden of looking after the aged population is being spread out with prosperous further generations .
As such , a win- win situation can be achieved as we not only ease the aged population but also assist in country expansion .
Next , advancement in technological tools is required to ensure the sustainability of the health care system .
These technological tools are developed to make life of the aged easier , less stressful and even healthier for them to continue living independently .
For example , monitoring systems are currently researched to allow the aged to remain in their homes longer even if they are being treated with chronic diseases , rather than moving them into a nursing home which may incur more costs .
Lastly , research in life science areas has shown ways  prolonging human life and to prevent illness .
A recent research shows that lighter meals may prolong human life by having calories-restricted diets .
Calorie restricted diets can induce a slowdown of the aging process and  increases survival , resistance to diseases , prevents brain deterioration and lastly reduces muscle loss .
additional research states , that oxidative stress may not help prolong life as oxidative stress has links with aging , cancer and other disease .
Researchers have suggests minimum exposure to oxidative conditions actually offer protection from acute doses .
With  research and advancement in life sciences to prolong human life and prevention of illness can help to reduce the fiscal costs on heath care .
In conclusion , research , development and policies that help to ease the aging process is relatively important .
For instance , increasing and raising productive children not only can reduce the t burden  but also  attract foreign investors to invest in the country with a pool of talent .
Secondly , technology advancement will enable the aged to live independently even if they suffer with chronic diseases and their children can spend more time to focus on their work .
Lastly , research in life sciences to prolong life can help to reduce the fiscal costs on heath care and prevent illness .
Therefore , we must pay attention  on current research , development and policies to ease the aging process .
Reference BIBLIOGRAPHY \l 1033 Peterson , P . (2001) .
A Graying World .
Harvard International Review , 66 .
The dawn of the twenty-first century has not slowed down the technological progress that man has been pursuing for so many decades .
New products and innovations are produced by the day .
These advances in technology have , most importantly , eased the lives of our aged citizens .
With the world consisting of an ever expanding aged population , there has been a greater necessity for simple household appliances that can be used by the aged and the disabled .
In addition , social policies are constantly evolving and changing , with some newly implemented policies greatly easing the aging process of the elderly .
Researches in economics have also resulted in new policies , as will be discussed below .
The policy that resulted from economical research stated that the size of today's economy and tax base could be increased by encouraging the inflow of employable immigrants .
This fact is proving to be false .
For it must be kept in mind that these immigrants will also grow old and require pensions some day .
Furthermore , evidence shows that there is no relationship between immigration and economic growth whatsoever .
This , therefore , does not solve the problem of the present , but worsens future prospects too .
On another note , some social policies may not be beneficial in the long term .
For instance , the policy that advocates late retirement means that the working period of citizens is extended beyond the usual age of 55 and 60 .
Although it aims for the greater good , by providing the elderly with greater self sufficiency , it is more harmful in the long term because the most critical issue here is the health of the elderly  .
They are often unable to withstand high stress of the mind and the body that these work require and fall ill frequently .
The policy of passing laws that make it a must for children to look after their elderly parents is also much speculated over .
I feel that this is not the correct approach to the problem .
Taking care of one's parents is not a straightforward transaction , like paying one's taxes .
Instead it is one which also involves time and constant emotional attention .
This does not ease the problems of the aged or their children who are coping with the rising prices of goods and services and  who must care for their children  .
Hence , the banes of today's new policies .
However , it is unquestionable that technology has contributed on a massive scale in helping the aged .
The SANYO technical review reveals the existence of "systems that remind the elderly person to take their medicine; systems that detect when he/she is in the room , so that electricity costs can be minimised .
There are systems that will assist you in various day to day activities without the presence of another person including washing oneself , dressing up and using theoilet .
Another invention is a telephone that utilises voice speed control technology .
This technology allows the aged person to slow down the speed at which the person on the other side is speaking ."
This is especially useful for the older citizens , for one's senses become less acute with age , and they cannot comprehend what others are saying , at the rate at which they are speaking .
"The medical alert system is another good example .
This system is set up in the aged person's house and consists of a speaker that is able to know where you are in the house , and guides you simply by tracking the signals emanated by the wristlet you wear on your hand ."
In addition , it alerts the health authorities and your closest relatives in the occasion of an emergency .
It is particularly useful for those who are old and who live alone .
The possibilities of technology are endless .
In addition , I am an advocate of the social policy that deems it necessary for all citizens to put aside a small percentage of their monthly salary , during the working period of their lives .
For this seems to be a rather effective policy , with the value-added element of being able to lighten the economic burden supported by the government  .
It consequently does ease the aging process , for the elderly  need not be at the mercy of others to obtain full medical care and other comforts .
Another policy suggests that money be invested in the educational system , so that more productive children are raised , "resulting in a larger and more affluent future generation" (Peter Peterson , 2001) .
I feel that this is the key solution to easing the aging process , for a more productive younger generation means that all costs required to keep the aged healthy and comfortable can be borne by this efficient younger workforce .
Hence , the progress of the world in aspects of technology , economy and social policies have by far proven to be beneficial to the elderly  of today's society .
It has made their life after retirement one of relaxation , with comforts close at hand ,  .
It has made them more independent from others , and ceased to be seen as a burden in the eyes of their children and society .
Progress will always have its hindrances and flaws , but progress is always the correct path to success .
Resources: http://sanyo .com/technical_review/jp/no69/data-e .html
The trend of an ageing population is here to stay .
At present 7% of Singapore's population is over the age of 65; however , by 2030 this will increase to 19% (Inter-Ministerial Committee on Aging Report 1999) .This is especially so for developed countries where people are living longer and are less willing to give birth due to the high costs of living .
Therefore , as much as other problems , mainly those dealing with the economy , may seem to demand and need more immediate attention , the ageing population issue cannot be ignored and the spending on this area should not be reduced in order for a a majority of the population to benefit .
Some people may argue that elderly dependency should be reduced through various means  (Peterson , 2001) to make way for other developments in other areas , especially the economic sector .
In lieu with the current economic crisis , many have found themselves unemployed or retrenched and are finding it difficult to survive , particularly those who live on credit or have a household to provide for .
Even with various upgrading schemes such as the Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience (SPUR) , it is still difficult for the economy to regain its vigour to the state before the economic crisis .
This is due to the lack of job opportunities and not because of the lack of proper skills among workers .
Therefore , more budget should be channeled to the economic sector to boost the country's economic situation .
Indeed , the above issue warrants a substantial amount of concern .
However , this does not affect majority of the population .
In addition , the people who belong to the working class are not the ones who are most vulnerable to the economic crisis .
The elderly are the more vulnerable group in this situation due to the fact that they are not capable of generating income to provide for themselves .
This is attributed to the fact that employers are constantly seeking people with higher productivity .
Besides , stressing on filial piety at this point in time is not going to be of any help since the working adults would probably be busy fending for themselves .
Hence , the government should not reduce public spending in this area to protect the vulnerability of the aged in terms of health care cost and enabling them to be self-sufficient through elder-friendly facilities in the housing districts .
Furthermore , there is also a need to continue to provide such support to the elderly for the government to retain support and instill a sense of belonging amongst the citizens to  prevent people from migrating .
There is an increasing trend of young people migrating to countries such as Australia and Canada due to lower stress levels and also the welfare benefits available for the aged .
At this rate , the country is going to lose a large pool of talented people since those who migrate overseas are usually more affluent and better educated .
As much as the policies being implemented currently are able to attract foreign talent to become citizens of Singapore , native Singaporeans still seem to be unsatisfied .
The current net migration rate stands at 5 .82 migrant(s)/1 ,000 population ) .
This means that there are more people entering than leaving the country .
Even so , this figure is attributed by the influx of foreign talent .
This implies that more and more Singaporeans are moving out of the country than before .
Thus , in order to keep her citizens in the country , welfare benefits have to be maintained or even increased such that people do not turn to foreign lands to enjoy their retirement .
In a nutshell , government  spending on elderly should not be reduced as it would potentially be unfavourable especially since the current aging trend involves the "baby boomers" , a substantial amount of people .
In fact , there should be an increase in such spending as the aging trend is set to increase in the future .
This is a crucial issue and not one that can be ignored .
To add on , the government has not been neglecting other sectors but instead , it is trying its best to make economic conditions more favourable for the country to prosper .
Hence , public spending for the elderly should not be reduced .
Public spending on the aged should not be limited although the money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Tremendous demographic changes in aging will create many unprecedented problems .
An ageing population does not cause problems only in wealthy and developed countries such as the USA Japan and Singapore , but it is also faced by developing countries such as China and Thailand as well .
Therefore , solutions that will help to ease the aging process are much needed .
If the public spending on the solutions are limited , thus effects of these solutions will not be able to meet our expectations .
First of all , we must understand that a country is built by its people's hard work and effort .
The significant contributions of the aged towards a country's infrastructure , economics , and many other things should not be forgotten .
The younger generation should be grateful to their senior citizen's contribution because the prosperity of today's country is built by the older generation when they are young .
Although now the people who strive for our country are aging and could hardly contribute to the country , still , we should always remember their contributions and take good care of them when they need help .
Senior citizens should be regarded as an asset rather than a liability to a country .
Frequently , we will need to heed advice from them because they have more experience than us .
For example , Mr Lee Kuan Yew , the Minister Mentor of Singapore , who always gives advice to The Singaporean Government .
Hence , the welfare of the aged must be assured .
Public spending on the aged such as health care should not be limited .
In fact , the aged are more vulnerable to fall sick than young people as their immune systems are degenerating .
Peterson (2001) has mentioned that healthcare  once meant an occasional visit to the doctor , but it has today become a lifelong process .
Furthermore , their declining productivity has also lessened their income .
So governments should aid them .
For instance , The Government can subsidize their medical expense so that the aged can have lower rates on health care spending .
This will definitely benefit the aged because with the current increasing health care cost , the medical bills are always shocking .
As a result , the aged with low income are usually reluctant to see a doctor when they are not feeling well .
As a consequence , an illness may not be discovered at an early stage and will only be discovered when it becomes severe .
However , if the illness has became too severe , it might be life threatening and it will be much more expensive to cure it .
Next , public spending on pension should not be decreased .
As we all know , the senior citizen is one of the groups with the lowestt income .
More than that , some senior citizens are retired or unable to work .
Even if they work , their meager income is insufficient to support themselves , especially with the high inflation rates now .
It follows that we often hear that the aged are living in poverty .
Therefore , if they are in need of help , why not just help them ?
After all , they are the ones who brought our country to prosperity .
It is perfectly right that we ought to ensure their living quality in return .
On the contrary , the increase in public spending on the aged by the government will increase the fiscal budget .
This will inevitably increase the government's load .
Therefore , the spending in other essential areas such as infrastructure , financial , and education will have to be cut down .
The cut down of spending in these essential areas might hinder the growth of a country .
Considering these important factors , many people will eventually support that public spending on the aged should be limited .
However , in my opinion , every choice we make will incur some cost , which means something has to be given up in order to attain the objective we want .
So , I think with proper planning on the spending by the government , we should be able to meet the balance between public spending on the aged and other essential spending .
In conclusion , the public spending on the aged should not be limited because it is as important as other areas of the country's development .
The country's budget is generated through taxpayers' contributions and returns on investments made .
At present , a substantial amount is spent on the elderly every year through direct and indirect ways , such as giving out subsidies or building elderly-friendly infrastructure .
This compromises spending that could be used  , namely on education , health care and creating economic growth .
Public spending on the aged , should thus be limited in a country , for the money can be used to further enhance societal growth as a whole , and not just focus solely on this particular age group .
Health care should be one of the government's top priority as well .
As people get wealthier , their waistlines get bigger as well .
Obesity , high cholesterol levels and diabetes are diseases that increased in the last century due to greater wealth and easier access to unhealthy diets and lifestyles .
These health problems will inevitably affect the productivity of these workers , and the time and resources spent to remedy them are costly , both to the individual and the country .
Thus , it is more cost-effective and sensible that we should divert our budget towards prevention and treatment of patients .
Money can be spent on educational messages and guidelines on prevention of contracting diseases , coupled with subsidies for health care providers and medication .
Certainly , such spending will benefit the elderly , but it should not be exclusive to them , for there are other age groups who require assistance in this sector as well .
Economic growth is crucial to any country .
It ensures the majority of the population finds employment and inflation stays under control .
A country with a flourishing economy finds investors more willing to invest there and the people stand to enjoy the range and variety of material comforts that a thriving market economy is able to provide .
The government can attract foreign investment ventures and increase the competitive edge of firms by reducing tax and rent abatement .
The government can also create a more competitive labour force without compromising their wage level .
This can be done through upgrading the skills of our workforce .
For instance , the Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience (SPUR) programme introduced in Singapore enhances its workforce's abilities to compete in the global market , Another option is to allocate part of the budget to Research and Development for local institutes to attract and develop the best talents .
This can be exemplified by the efforts the Singapore government had been making to finance the Agency for Science , Technology and Research (A*STAR) .
All these evidence show how money can be effectively diverted towards generating greater economic growth .
Proponents of substantial public spending on the aging population issue will argue that the problem will escalate due to a declining birth rate , resulting in a proportionately larger population of elderly in the world .
Thus , we should solve the problem we are facing now , rather than allocate resources to other areas .
However , is it not short-sighted if we are to solve only the problems we can see now , rather than investing in and conceiving possibilities to solve the problem fully ?
We definitely have to allocate resources towards this growing issue of a greying population , but we should limit the spending to only what is sufficiently necessary , and not to the extent that it restricts the society with a large financial burden .
Instead , we should allocate use of the resources towards betterment of the society , bringing up ideas and opportunities that can possibly solve this problem eventually .
Recent studies have  shown that Singapore is becoming one of the fastest aging populations in the world (Bryan , 2008) .
The elderly people are already amounting to a quarter of the population in Singapore .
Therefore , the rapidly aging population is a problem that the government needs to address .
There is a concern regarding the rising health and living costs which will become a risk to economic growth and social security .
What is then needed is that the public expenditure towards the needs of the aging population should be carefully looked into instead of diverting it to the country's development .
Firstly , slow population growth results in an increased  burden for children in having  to take care of their parents (Peterson , 2001) .
For example , when  families have an average of one child instead of two or three children , the single  child will have the task of taking care of his or her family in the future .
Elderly people always tend to depend a lot on their children and it results in a strain in family relationship .
The rising health care costs make it even tough for the child to cope with it and some are not willing to support their parents .
The elderly people will then need to support themselves which is impossible without the government's help .
Secondly , there is a scheme called the Central Provident Fund (CPF) , which is to make Singaporeans start saving when they are young , but it is not enough for them to survive with having CPF alone .
Although the government enforces individual saving through CPF , not every person will benefit from it .
Self-employed people do not have CPF as they are not working under an employer , so the employees and employers do not contribute part of the employees' salary to the CPF .
Many elderly people do not have much CPF left as they have used it to pay for their house or child's education .
This causes them to not have much savings when they grow old .
Lastly , the elderly tend to have different needs and behaviours to that of younger people .
Older people tend to work and save less and also require more health care .
In many countries , they depend on retirement pension to live through their remaining years .
Therefore , it is difficult to cut down on health or retirement benefits , as the aging population is becoming so serious .
Those people aged 70 and above have even weaker health than people aged 50 to 70 .
They need money to support their increased health care costs because they have already used up their savings .
As a result , they will place further demand on government funds .
At this point , one may wonder if the aging population is the most important issue to take note of .
However , the Country's development is also a matter that Singapore needs to be concerned about .
The country's trade , finance , transport , sports and education are key factors to drive a country's economy which cannot be neglected .
Having to maintain good trade relationships with  other countries such as having free tax and levy on imports and exports will help to grow the economy and benefit the people of Singapore .
Spending on education will help to nurture the people to have a good education from young and make Singapore a good place to seek education .
Development in sports such as hosting the Youth Olympic Games will be a great boost to the tourism sector as the Games is expected to generate a minimum of more than 150 ,000 visitors per night for Singapore (Patwant Singh , 2008) .
All of this will boost the county's economy .
Singapore is transforming into an aging society .
The challenge is to encourage healthy and productive life for the the ageing population and find ways for them to contribute more to the society so that they can play a valuable role in the country .
The government should not use aging population as a reason to limit public spending as they always encourage productive and healthy living for the elderly people .
They are still very important to the country and the government must play a part to take care of them .
Demography is shifting today .
People are having fewer children and living longer .
By 2050 , our median age would increase from 36 years to 56 .
Singapore would be among the demographically oldest countries in the world and there will be fewer working adults looking after more aged dependents .
The issue of an ageing population should be taken seriously , and more has to be put in place in addressing the issue .
As such , judging from Singapore's current demography , the an aging population will be a long term situation .
Despite the government's constant effort in introducing and crafting attractive policies and benefits to her people , the bid to boost child bearing still remains bleak .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development such as Education and Architecture , so as to focus on the long term situation .
First of all , money can be diverted to Singapore's education system so as to increase the productivity of the younger generation to acquire sufficient wealth for the future f (Peterson , 2001) .
It is essential to build on the development of the country's future - the younger generation - since the aged rely on the young and the young rely on the younger when old .
Clearly , a cycle is formed .
Raising the productivity of children via education can take place in the form of meeting the different needs and learning capabilities of them .
This includes reducing the ratio of the number of students to a single teacher , allowing the teacher to better focus his attention on the students .
Also , the government can direct more technological resources to schools so as to better equip the younger generation for a technological-edged world , improving their economical worth .
In addition , the government can instill filial obligation (Peterson , 2001) or family values and encourage early marriage by diverting money in crafting new programmes via the education system .
These ensure while the younger generation is able to contribute economically , they do not neglect the filial obligation towards the aged and at the same time raise the fertility level .
Economically , by raising the productivity of the children via diverting more money to the education system , it increases the younger generation's opportunity to increase their economic worth , and hence their future income .
Since the government's ability to provide social and welfare services for the aged is based on the tax revenue gained , diverting money to Singapore's education system would indirectly aid the aged and improve the aging population in the long run .
Secondly , money can be diverted to Singapore's architectural developments in terms of increasing the accessibility of physical facilities for the aged .
By improvising on Singapore's physical infrastructure , it not only benefits the current generation of the elderly , but also future generations in time to come .
This is considered a long term investment by the government .
One of the most significant improvisations is the lift upgrading programme .
New lifts are being installed in both new and old public housing blocks so that it now stops on every floor instead of the old system , which only stops on every third or fourth floor .
Other than the lift upgrading programme , the Singapore government can direct more money into enabling housing estates to be barrier-free .
The refurbishment is clearly beneficial as recently residents at Nee Soon South were rejoicing about the fully equipped barrier-free access they are enjoying at Khatib MRT station .
Before work on the two new ramps began , it was a chore for the estate's elderly folks to climb the stairs to get to the station .
Drawing from these two examples , money should be diverted to Singapore's architecture developments as it acts as a long term investment the government has towards the issue of aging population .
However some may argue that public spending should not be limited .
This is because it does not address the current and impending situation of the aging population , and at the same time the aged are the most vulnerable in the society .
Hence the government should do more to help , instead of cutting down on the resources .
The aged not only require financial support , because of their inability to sustain themselves , but they also require emotional and social support .
Many social agencies in Singapore run on the basis of government and public funding .
If the government is to cut back on its funding , social agencies will face difficulties in sustaining their operation , not to mention the support they are able to provide for the aged .
In contrast , I feel that in Singapore's context , limiting public spending and diverting money to the country's Education & Architecture in order to address the long term aging population issue is viable .
This is due to the policies that the Singapore's government has put in place , before the aging population surfaced .
The two most significant polices are , the Central Provident Fund (CPF) and home ownership .
CPF has required people to save up for their retirement , and hence old age , while home ownership has allowed at least a basic shelter and home sanitations for the aged .
Thus , the Singapore government has provided a safety-net in which the aged can fall back on while diverting money to other areas of development .
In conclusion , in Singapore , limiting public spending to divert money to other areas of the country's development is a feasible option to address the long term aging population issue .
This is largely due to the compulsory legislations that are enforced upon by the government .
At the same time , cutting back on public spending does not equate to cutting off public spending , with careful planning and considerations , there can still be efficient allocation of money in aiding the aged .
Diverting money to Education and Architectural development will prove to be beneficial for the aged and the generations to come .
Since the aging population will be a long-standing issue , it is time the government put in place long term measures .
Therefore , public spending should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Every year , governments seriously consider  the allocation of their limited public spending .
In Singapore's Financial Year 2009 , the expenditures allocated had been revised and redistributed .
They are social development (41 .5%) , security and external relations (34 .3%) , economic development (20 .4%) and government administration (4 .0%) (Ministry of Finance , 2009) .
One of the reasons why social development has the highest percentage is because governments are facing the problems of an aging population and are looking for ways to resolve them .
However , other than directly diverting the money on the aged , there are other ways to resolve these issues .
Majority of the public spending should be directed to areas that can assist in the country's developments such as the improving of the education system and creating of more job opportunities , so substantially , lesser public spending on the aged should be set aside .
However , some have argued that public spending should not be limited to the aged .
Some aging issues included economic reduction and workforce inefficiency (Peterson , 2001) .
With these rising issues , there is an urgent need to pump in more money for this group of needy people .
For instance , Singapore should consider subsidizing more of the costly medical bills for the aged .
When one gets old , one tends to have poorer health .
This results in the need to undergo several medical treatments .
Consequently , majority of the savings will be directed to the payment of their medical treatments .
This further strains their financial burden if they still have children who are depending on them .
Furthermore , the elderly tend to be less efficient than the younger working adults .
As a result , companies are not willing to offer a higher salary rate even if they manage to secure a job .
Hence , it is vital that the Government does its part by diverting more of its spending to help the aged .
Although these issues can be address by not limiting the public spending , there are still other ways to resolve them by diverting the money to another area - improvement in the education system .
Education prepares the younger generations for the future workforce , making them more affluent and teaching them to achieve success .
In addition , it emphasizes the importance of filial piety which encourages children to have the full responsibilities to take care of their aged parents when they grow up .
The provision of a higher standard of education also encourages the children to be more independent for their own survival in the future .
It also creates a "work more and save more" mindset so as to reduce government dependency .
Most importantly , improving the education system helps in developing the country socially and economically , so diverting the money to this area is a more effective and efficient way to help the aged indirectly .
Secondly , creating more job opportunities is another area whereby money should be diverted to .
In order to reduce the need for the aged to fully depend on the government , the government should encourage the aged to support themselves instead .
It is impossible to support them in the long- run as there are many other areas of concerns which the government needs to look into as well .
Hence , with the creation of more jobs , the government can assist the aged to secure a job and allow them to support themselves , on the condition that they are still  healthy  .
It also allows the younger generations to easily secure a job and support their aged parents independently .
All these promote social and economic developments of a country too .
Looking ahead , jobs creation is a more resourceful way in developing a country with its public spending .
With regards to all the points mentioned , it is concluded that public spending on the aged should be limited .
The idea of limiting the spending on the aged and diverting the money to the improving of the education system and creating of more job opportunities is to prevent the over-reliance of the aged on the government , eliminating the wrong perception of "I will still survive with this 'free' money from the government" .
Therefore , since the improvement of education system and creation of more jobs bring about more long-term benefits than having an unlimited public spending on the aged , money should be diverted to these areas as part of the country's developments which eventually , will impact the aged positively .
* "To a large extent , current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process ."
Do you agree ?
Discuss this statement in relation to your particular field of study or interest (e .g .
economics , science , medicine , social policy , architecture , psychology , technological inventions) .
N .B You can draw examples from more than one field of study or interest .
However , your essay should demonstrate in-depth analysis .
As a result of the growing aging population , public spending on the aged has increased in an attempt to minimize the negative impacts of a fast aging population .
Such a strategy translates into increasing pressure on national budgets and economies which could be used in other areas of the country's development .
Some have argued that public spending on the aged is redundant as the productivity and contribution of the aged to the nation is questionable .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be diverted to other areas of the country's development due to the potential fruitful returns from these investments .
However , the assumption that the aged are non productive is untrue due to the increasing emphasis on healthcare .
This has has allowed the aged to remain healthy , continue working and remain productive despite their age .
Therefore , public spending on the aged is crucial in ensuring the continued productivity of the aged which in turn benefits the country .
Firstly , the high medical and healthcare service fees can "substantially drain the resources of many elderly" (Friedland , & Summer , 2005 , p .17) .
Without healthcare benefits for the aged such as subsidized medical fees , most elderly are unlikely to afford the high medical expenses incurred .
Despite having insurance coverage , it is still possible that  medical bills are insufficiently covered .
As a result , the health of the elderly can deteriorate as they may not seek treatment due to the inability to pay the medical bills .
The economy in turn suffers due to the threats on the productivity of the aged .
Therefore , the government should not neglect  healthcare benefits for the aged as the consequence is undesirable .
Secondly , a fast aging population would mean that "growing numbers of elderly persons are supported by relatively fewer younger persons" (Peterson , 2001 , p . 7) .
This indicates a lack of resources , whether monetary or non monetary to support the large numbers of elderly .
Moreover , the younger generations will come under heavy pressure due to the disparity ratio support of the aged .
To lighten this pressure , public spending such as healthcare benefits can help lighten the financial burden faced by the younger generation .
Besides , it brings us back to the aspect of high medical expenditures which the younger generations are probably unable to afford as well .
An example would be an only son having to support his aging parents and elderly grandparents .
He is likely to face financial constraints due to  high medical expenditures .
To solve this problem , public spending on the aged can provide an alternative resource to support the aged which therefore lightens the burden of the younger generations .
In addition ,  additional healthcare resources can improve the health of the elderly hence , enhancing the productivity of the aged .
Thirdly , the shrinking ratio of younger generations in the future indicates the importance of elderly remaining productive to the economy .
Generally , it is assumed that the young should support the elderly .
The younger generation should remain in the workforce while the elderly tend to retire at a stipulated age .
However , this scenario may change in the future due to the lack of human resources in the job market .
To prevent the disruption of the labour market , the elderly are likely to remain in the work force in the near future .
Thus , an elderly friendly environment is essential to enhance the efficiency of the work force .
As the country ultimately benefits from the productivity of the aged , it is rational for the government to utilise public spending on the aged .
Therefore ,  public spending on the aged is as crucial as other areas of a country's development .
The aging process has indeed become a phenomenon in Singapore .
This is mainly due to a shift in the country's population .
The government has responded to this issue by establishing policies and programs to manage the aging process .
Most of the policies aim to reduce the problems associated with an aging population .
One crucial problem is the increase in government expenditure for the aging population which in turn strains the future working population .
Although some policies do facilitate in reducing the expenditure towards the elderly to a certain extent , it may still prove to be insufficient in easing the aging process .
One segment of policies that the government has implemented is to increase the overall fertility rate of Singapore .
These policies aim to produce a higher rate of productive children for the future workforce .
They will be the ones to support the large number of the future aging population .
However , the policies have proven to be ineffective (Wong & Yeoh , 2003) .
For example , the Baby Bonus Scheme which was introduced in April 1 , 2001 , was established to reduce the financial costs of raising children by providing cash grants .
The cash grants can be used to pay for child care , preschool and healthcare expenses .
The scheme caused an adverse effect as it only focused on the explicit costs .
The government failed to include the implicit costs of raising children .
Some of which include giving up one's career to take care of one'sr children .
Therefore , with the  , many prefer to establish their careers before having children .
The cost of raising children has also risen in the past years due to the need to enroll them in numerous programs .
Parents in this modern society want their children to be equipped with numerous  skills to prepare them for the future workforce .
Another policy implemented by the government involves providing for oneself through life-long savings .
This policy is implemented through the Central Provident Fund , CPF scheme .
The CPF scheme is a compulsory savings meant to meet one's basic living needs upon retirement .
Under the CPF scheme , the Medisave scheme is developed to lessen the impact of medical and hospitalization expenses .
However , the Medisave scheme has proven to be insufficient because medical expenses for the elderly are simply so high that people's Medisave savings can be used up within one week (Popatlal , 2009) .
Moreover , with longer life expectancy , the Medisave savings may not be adequate .
This problem becomes worse if the elderly do not have any children or children who choose to neglect their responsibilities to support their elder's healthcare finances .
Thus the National Housing policies were introduced to encourage filial responsibilities of the adult children .
However , it has been proven to be unsuccessful .
This may be due to the change in culture and values of the modern adult generation since they prefer to live further from their parents .
On the other hand , housing policies may have the opposite effect as some couples may misuse the policy by using the grant for their own benefit .
One example of a housing policy that has proven to be unsuccessful is the Multi-Tier Family Housing Scheme which encourages parents and married children to live together (Hill and Kwen , 1995) .
Nevertheless , some developments that the government has implemented do ease the aging process .
The current development of new community hospitals which link up with the main hospitals is an example of a measure that will ease the aging process .
Community hospitals are built to allow the elderly patients , usually with chronic illnesses , to recover with the assistance of a professional medical team but at a lower cost .
This will reduce medical expenses for the elderly .
In addition to that , community hospitals will free up beds in the main hospitals for acute illnesses .
Easing the aging process by establishing policies that solve explicit problems has proved to be inadequate .
These policies may be useful only as a short-term solution .
The government may need to consider the social changes and needs of the younger population to improve the aging process on a long-term basis .
This may include the impact of the rise in living expenses and the influences of  western culture .
Without considering these social changes , the aging process may increase government expenditure and the burden of the future workforce generation .
Reference list:
Robert B . Friedland and laura Summer , Demography Is Not Destiny , Revisited .
Center on Aging Society , Georgetown University , March 2005 .
The baby boom period did not happen without reason .
It was a worldwide phenomenon that took place as a quick solution for population growth .
However , many countries now , are experiencing its consequences .
As Peterson (2001) has aptly titled his analysis , we are in a "Graying World" (p .66) .
Singapore is no exception , but to quite a large extent , many policies and community services have been developed over the years to help ease the weight of an aging population .
Singapore has noticed the growing pressure of an aging population .
Our population pyramid (The Singapore Department of Statistics , 2008a) is one that is constrictive , with "fewer people in the younger age categories" (Richmond , n .d . , p .64) .
As reported by SDS (2008b) , we have a decreasing old age support ratio , with 17 residents aged 15 to 64 years old supporting one senior citizen aged 65 and above in 1970 , reduced to just 8 .4 in 2008 .
According to the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports (2009a) , in 20 years' time , "one in five residents in Singapore will be aged 65 and above" , which would make us "one of the fastest ageing populations in Asia" .
At this rate , sustaining our country's silver generation cannot just be the duty of the children , but as far as possible , a great work of cooperation , with the help of policies .
Instead of just 'feeding' , the government aims to get senior citizens to learn a new way of fishing emphasizing self-reliance  .
To oversee the progress of how the nation can ease the aging process , the Ministerial Committee on Ageing was set up to ensure "an inter-ministry approach to prepare for rapid population ageing" (MCYS , September 12 , 2009a) .
For starters , the elderly can approach their district's Community Development Council , which can help in job-matching , recommending government assistance schemes , applying for skills upgrading workshops and assisting in healthcare issues .
To encourage job security , they can receive the Chinese Development Assisting Council (CDAC) Skills Training Award when they successfully complete their skill upgrading courses (MCYS , 2009b) .
These initiatives are supported by the fact that it was reported four years ago , "63 .1 per cent of senior citizens aged 55 and above had their own source of income" (MCYS , 2006 , p .4) .
Another example is that many districts also hold regular free health screenings for the elderly .
While the country has to bear the initial costs , it helps seniors pick up telling signs of illnesses in order to be treated early .
In 2005 , "more than half (64 .2%) of senior citizens above the age of 55 went for regular health screening" (MCYS , 2006 , p .9) .
If the majority of our senior citizens are able to be  independent and pro-active , it helps to ease the dependency on our younger working population .
Even with the plethora of schemes , policies and aid , there will always be some who are unable to be  independent .
This  can be due to a range of reasons , such as disability , health , old age and even their mentality towards post-retirement work .
In many traditional families , it is a social expectation for children to support their elderly parents after retirement .
This obligatory gesture is seen as filial piety .
Based on the findings from 2005 , it was found that inevitably , "dependence on financial support from children increased with age of senior citizens" .
It was reported by MCYS that more than half of those aged 55 to 64 years old were given help by their children .
As expected , the percentage "increased to 77 .9% for those aged 75 and above" (MCYS , 2006 , p .9) .
At the same time , it could be the mindset of some senior citizens , who feel the government should be footing their bills , as a right for the country's elderly .
An aging population is a reality that cannot be postponed and it is happening now .
With the foresight of our country's leaders , sociologists and policy makers , Singapore has many solutions to help alleviate the problems and hopefully , will towards sustaining the country better .
However , policies and solutions can only work if they are tried and feedback is given to continuously improve them .
Everyone has a part to play , regardless if they are a working adult , a retiree , an elderly person or more importantly ,  just a citizen .
As the effects of an ageing population are usually associated with "impending" problematic issues such as the need for "publicly-financed health and welfare packages" (Friedland & Summer , 2005) , it is considerably detrimental to the economical progression of a country .
Furthermore , the process of ageing itself can be a traumatic affair .
To experience a changing state of the body , generally for the worse , an individual could undergo tremendous amounts of psychological stress .
Thus , besides the critical assessment of allocating and maximising the use of the country's resources , the government also have a part to play in ensuring that  people have a smooth transition into old age .
There have been many proposed strategies , policies and research that act to target people of all ages in alleviating the effects of a greying population .
However , , because such approaches tend to operate with the concept of initial loss and future substantial gain , the majority may be unwilling to accept such propositions .
As such , critics disagree with the statement that the current policies have helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
Without inculcating social responsibility to both the aged and the young , these propositions may only lead to a paradoxical effect .
Indeed , some policies may serve its sole purpose in reducing the fiscal issue but not entirely easing ageing as a whole .
As purposed by Peterson (2001) , "requiring people to provide in advance for their own old-age dependency" is one solution which is evident .
This concept is very much like the Central Provident Fund (CPF) of Singapore , aiming to prepare the people through imposed sanctions on savings for retirement .
Although this method follows an "institutional-redistributive model" (Metha & Wee , 2004) that is beneficiary to all citizens of Singapore , it involves the compulsory allocation of a portion of the salary , which in a short-term perspective is unfavourable .
Goals like car ownership may be disrupted by such interventions since the supposedly 'extra income' is used to cover the individual for insurance and possible medical costs .
Through a holistic approach of both attitudes and actions towards such policy ,  .
have to align their ideology with that of the government to reap the equal benefits of such policies .
Another problem we have to address is people's compliance to the proposed strategies .
Peterson suggested "to increase the size of today's and the future's economy and tax base by encouraging greater productivity among the non-elderly" , the workforce and children (2001) .
He believes that through the upgrading of the people , they can contribute more to  society with their newly imparted skills .
In contrast , by creating policies to boost productivity of the workforce , the government would firstly have to set aside resources for upgrading and incentives , posing more potential of cutting welfare programs of the aged to fund the new regime .
Since the intended result is also not substantial , imposing these policies may then cause aggravation to the people as most may prefer  resources to be put into more beneficial and tangible uses like funding welfare programs .
people may not work more despite the fact that they became more qualified in multiple professions .
Thus , in order for such policies to ease the issue of a greying population , the paradigm of aiding the country must be observed by  society .
in the National Day's Rally 09' speech made by PM Lee , he  re-emphasised  the significance of social responsibility .
He mentioned that though Singapore is  new hospitals and strategies of saving cost in the recovery of the economical downturn , the community itself should be obliged to maintain a healthy lifestyle (2009) .
The aged have to acknowledge that community hospitals are recommended for rehabilitation while  general hospitals are meant for acute problems .
Families and communities should also supervise the wellness of  people through regular medical checks or even maintaining a healthy social network .
There are many existing initiatives that  society can implement in the absence of such policies to ease the ageing process .
In order for any development or strategies to work , it must incorporate the social responsibility of the people .
By campaigning pro-activeness as an integral part of  people's lives , it is certain  that  any policies implemented will be embraced by the majority's positive perceptions .
Thus , with societal and governmental support , the process of ageing will be eased not only through the dampening of fiscal consequences but also very importantly , through the willingness of  society in comprehending the greying issue .
______________________________________________________________ Reference List Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer .
(2005) .
Demography Is Not Destiny , Revisited .
Centre on Aging Society .
Georgetown University .
Peter G . Peterson .
(2001) A Graying World .
Harvard International Review .
23 .
3(Fall 2001): 66 .
Kalyani K Mehta and Ann Wee .
(2004) .
Social Work in Context , A reader .
p .31 National Day Rally (2009) .
Speech by PM Lee Hsein Loong .
Obviously , the notion of reimbursing the elderly with financial aid for their contributions to the country is naive .
There are plenty of methods that  can provide  aid the elderly .
Elder dependency should be reduced by encouraging later retirement (Peter Peterson , 2001) .
This is an example of alternatives that can be used to reduce  spending on the elderly .
So reducing  spending on the elderly for the sake of a country's development is a wise act .
While public spending on the aged is vital , it should not comprise  other aspects of a country's growth and development .
As mentioned by Friedland and Summer (2005) , "With little economic growth , society faces fewer choices on how to care for those who are least able to care for themselves .
On the other hand , with sufficient economic growth , there are more choices and fewer persons in need" .
This underlines the importance of economic development in the country to neutralize the implications of an aging population .
Thus , instead of spending excessively on the aged , resources of the country should be diverted to other areas like healthcare , education , and infrastructure , which will in turn benefit the country economically .
Despite the above  , it may be argued that as the elderly  contributed significantly to the country's development in their younger days , in view of their long term hard work , they should be entitled to more benefits than the rest of the population .
Governments should also set aside sufficient funds to assist them in coping with their old age life , be it in terms of financial or social assistance .
For instance , as people age , there is an increased need for more healthcare resources , hence leading to  inevitable spending in healthcare  .
However , for the elderly with low or no income , they may face difficulties and restrictions in seeking appropriate medical treatment due to financial problems .
It is therefore crucial for governments to extend assistance to the elderly in the form of medical subsidies , allowances , rebates and other kinds of financial aid to ensure that the needs of the elderly are met and protected .
In contrast to the above , although public spending on the aged is essential , there is also a need for investment of resources in the educational sector to provide better education for the younger generation .
As the common saying goes , "Children are the future pillar of the nation" .
They should be given every right to receive education under any circumstances .
Resources of the country should be diverted into this aspect to provide scholarships and bursaries for  needy children who are keen to further their studies and allow them to be exposed to better working opportunities in the future .
Not only that , an educated population will also mean a more productive workforce for the country , which will allow them to have an edge over others .
Moreover , as mentioned by Friedland and Summer (2005) , "Public policies that encourage and facilitate education , basic research , and the application of promising technologies can enhance the well-being of current and future generations of older people" .
This further suggests that with education , older people in the future will be more affluent and will have a lesser tendency to rely on the government for their well-being .
In turn , the government will not need to set aside huge resources for the aged , and will be able to divert these resources into other areas of the country's development .
In addition to education , infrastructure of a country also plays a crucial role in drawing in investments and potential profits for the country .
With a pro-business infrastructure , not only will Meetings , Incentives , Conventions and Exhibitions (MICE) groups will be enticed to make more frequent visits to the country , there will also be a rapid increase of Small and Medium Enterprises (SME) within the country as local entrepreneurs will be more willing to venture and establish businesses in a pro-business climate .
Moreover , foreign investors may also seek the opportunity to invest in the country which generally contributes to the overall economic growth of the country as a whole .
To summarise , governments should also recognize the fact that unlimited spending on the aged will not be viable in the long run as individuals will only grow to be more reliant on the government to provide for them in their old age .
In short , a better suggestion will be for countries to place more emphasis on its economical development , as with economic growth , people are generally more affluent and hence will possess the financial capabilities of providing for themselves in old age .
Even though there will also be a minority who are less capable of doing that , they will only comprise of the few who require assistance from the government .
In today's context , ever changing societies frequently face a plethora of issues .
Likewise , most countries are currently tackling the main  issue of an increasing ageing population .
Since today's silver population of 65 years and above is 15 percent and is estimated to grow phenomenally to around 25 percent by the year 2030 (Centre for Strategic and International Studies 2009) ,  governments are deeply concerned with the implementation of fiscal and welfare policies that would directly impact the aged .
A component of fiscal policy , public spending , should be limited so that self-reliance can be inculcated into the aged through forced savings and so the economy can function better by shifting monetary input to facilitate trade and investments in infrastructure .
Another point in case is that since the elderly can be self-sufficient to support themselves in old age , public spending in this area is thus limited , and may eventually result in a shift of state funds and capital to boost other sectors of the country's economy .
As such , there may be a huge concentration of growth in the area of trade because when more capital is used to invest in trade , it reaps substantial rewards in the form of revenue and higher growth and stability of the economy will ensue .
Besides  state funds and capital can be used to improve  the infrastructure of the country; e .g .
public transport systems , telecommunications sector , energy and water resource divisions  etc , so that the country may  advance and prosper with the advent of new technologies and infrastructure .
Therefore , when  economic growth is stable , this will lead to avenues of vast opportunities to further develop the country , and also result in fewer elderly in dire needs (Friedland and Summer , 2005) .
As a whole , the notion of public spending can be viewed as akin to a coin which has two sides .
One aspect is that of favouring the elderly to the extent of fulfilling their needs to the best the state can provide because of their esteemed position as 'forefathers' of the country .
Whereas , the other aspect is seen as benefitting the whole community at large since such capital and funds are diverted to improve the economy .
Henceforth , the problems associated with an aging society is one such situation which cannot be dismissed lightly as having a definite solution , as often there are severe repercussions that occur with it .
By 2030 , senior citizens will comprise about 19% of the Singapore population .
(S . T . Tan , F . L . Leong , D . H . Tan , C . M . Tan , A . L . Chan , 2009) .
In view of this , the Singapore government has been actively engaged in formulating elderly-friendly policies .
It is even more vital for a small city-state like Singapore , to deal with its ageing society because the consequences of not taking into account the ageing population could bring several adverse implications on the country .
For instance , the demand for welfare benefits and healthcare subsidies will rise as the population ages .
The problems that come with the ageing process can be resolved by implementing targeted policies for the elderly .
Hence , to prevent the ageing process from becoming a burden on the country , it will require policy treatments to cushion the adverse impact of the demands of an ageing population .
With an effective government leading the way , Singapore has made much headway dealing with an ageing population .
Singapore's HDB has been making our public housing estates more elderly-friendly through initiatives like the Lift Upgrading Programme and Home Ownership Scheme .
The Home Ownership Policy ensures that Singaporeans have something set aside for their old age .
(S . T . Tan , F . L . Leong , D . H . Tan , C . M . Tan , A . L . Chan , 2009) .
First , HDB has introduced studio apartments with a shorter lease of 30 years .
Elderly homeowners can sell their flats and move into a more affordable studio apartment .
Secondly , it has also introduced a Lease Buyback Scheme .
Under this scheme , HDB will buy back the tail end of the lease on the flat and leave the elderly homeowner with a short lease of 30 years on the same flat .
This means that the elderly can continue to stay in their flat without having to move out .
Additionally , they will receive a lump-sum payout as well as a monthly payment in the form of a lifelong annuity .
The schemes offered by HDB have certainly helped to ensure that the elderly in Singapore can continue to provide for themselves in their old age .
In the area of healthcare , Singapore has maintained a high level of quality and accessibility for every Singaporean .
In addition to granting government subsidies , individuals are also expected to shoulder a portion of their own healthcare costs .
They have put in place the highly effective 3Ms framework - which refers to Medisave , Medishield and Medifund - which is Singapore's healthcare financing approach .
Over the years , various policy changes have further been made to improve the existing system .
The changes have also included the extension of Medisave to cover more outpatient treatments and the enhancement of Medishield to improve the payout for larger hospital bills .
These healthcare policies will ensure that the elderly will be adequately self-sufficient in their golden years .
Even in the face of success , it is important to periodically review the economic and social impact of housing and healthcare policies .
Our public housing policies will have to adapt and respond to the changing needs and aspirations of Singaporeans .
With the rising standard of living , the housing needs in Singapore will change as well .
Pressures to spend on healthcare will also rise with an ageing population .
Public request for subsidies to cover the latest medical treatments , the improvement of service quality , and the reduction of fees for subsidized specialist consultants are becoming more common .
With such pressures , the need to prevent healthcare costs from escalating remains a key challenge .
All in all , Singapore has been largely successful in accommodating the rising proportion of elderly in its society .
By providing support in the areas of housing and healthcare , the country has prepared well for the ageing process .
In the area of healthcare , Singapore has maintained a high level of quality and accessibility for every Singaporean .
In addition to granting government subsidies , individuals are also expected to shoulder a portion of their own healthcare costs .
They have put in place the highly effective 3Ms framework - which refers to Medisave , Medishield and Medifund - which is Singapore's healthcare financing approach .
(S . T . Tan , F . L . Leong , D . H . Tan , C . M . Tan , A . L . Chan , 2009) .
Over the years , various policy changes have further been made to improve the existing system .
This has shown that the government is committed to address the needs of an ageing population in its policies .
The changes have also included the extension of Medisave to cover more outpatient treatments and the enhancement of Medishield to improve the payout for larger hospital bills .
Even though the policy frameworks to contain rising costs and to raise effectiveness are already in place , future policy amendments will still be needed as the society evolves .
These healthcare policies will ensure that the elderly will be adequately self-sufficient in their golden years .
Even in the face of success , it is important to periodically review the economic and social impact of housing and healthcare policies , as they will remain the key concerns in Singaporeans' lives .
Our public housing policies will have to adapt and respond to the changing needs and aspirations of Singaporeans .
With the rising standard of living , the housing needs in Singapore will change as well .
HDB will also have to do rigorous planning on its housing policies .
As Singapore has limited land  , it will have to think of ways to increase land usability and rejuvenate the old estates .
Pressures to spend on healthcare will also rise with an ageing population .
Public request for subsidies to cover the latest medical treatments , the improvement of service quality , and the reduction of fees for subsidized specialist consultants are becoming more common .
With such pressures , the need to prevent healthcare costs from escalating remains a key challenge .
Policy makers will have to ensure that the best feasible outcome is achieved .
All in all , Singapore has been largely successful in accommodating the rising proportion of elderly in its society .
By providing support in the areas of housing and healthcare , the country has prepared well for the ageing process .
To conclude , Singapore has constantly adapted and adopted policy reforms to ease the impact of its growing number of senior citizens .
More importantly , the country has also ensured the well-being of its citizens .
Reference:
S .T .
Tan , F .L .
Leong , D .H . Tan , C .M .
Tan , A .L .
Chan (2009) .
Economics in Public Policies: The Singapore Story .
Singapore: Marshall Cavendish .
The previous draft work is as attached below
By 2030 , senior citizens will comprise about 19% of the Singapore population .
As a result of that , the Singapore government has been actively engaged in formulating elderly-friendly policies .
It is important that the needs of the elderly are factored into policy formulation as the demand for welfare benefits and healthcare subsidies will rise as the population ages .
Hence , to prevent the ageing process from becoming a burden on the country , it will require policy treatments to cushion the adverse impact of the demands of an ageing population .
Singapore has made much headway dealing with an ageing population .
Singapore's HDB has been making our public housing estates more elderly-friendly .
First , HDB has introduced studio apartments with a shorter lease of 30 years .
Elderly homeowners can sell their flats and move into a more affordable studio apartment .
Secondly , it has also introduced a Lease Buyback Scheme .
Under this scheme , HDB will buy back the tail end of the lease on the flat and leave the elderly homeowner with a short lease of 30 years on the same flat .
This means that the elderly can continue to stay in their flat without having to move out .
Additionally , they will receive a lump-sum payout as well as a monthly payment in the form of a lifelong annuity .
The schemes offered by HDB have certainly helped to ensure that the elderly in Singapore can continue to provide for themselves in their old age .
"To a large extent , current research and development or policies have helped to ease the aging process ."
I strongly agree with this statement .
Nowadays , a lot of researches have been carried out and many policies have been implemented in order to ease the aging process .
The three main policies that I will be discussing are filial obligation , later retirement and government subsidies .
Firstly , the main problem of the aging population is that the children do not want to take care of their parents when they are old , because they think that parents are troubles for them , since they are old and unable to contribute .
One of the methods to resolve this problem may be through legislation .
For example , the Singapore government has implemented the Maintenance of Parents Act since 1996 , and a Tribunal for the Maintenance of Parents has been established .
Under this act , parents who are above the age of 60 and are unable to support themselves can claim maintenance from children .
Children who fail to do so may be fined up to $5000 or jailed up to 6 months .
According to the statistics made by a government organization , in the first 3 years after this act was implemented , 400 parents sought for aid under this act .
Some may argue that filial obligation should be voluntary and shall not enforced by law .
But , if the children still fail to support their elderly parents after much education , legislation will be a must in solving this problem .
If children are bound by such filial obligation , they will then take care of their own parents , and hence , the elderly dependency on government subsidies or the public may be reduced .
Secondly , some  senior citizens who do not have any children will have no support at all .
Thus , it is crucial that they have their own jobs , their own income , in order to support themselves .
As a result , later retirement is encouraged by governments from many countries .
After retirement , the elderly always stay at home and have fewer activities .
Eventually , they will become weaker , more forgetful , slower in reaction and less agile .
Not only that , the biggest problem is that they will have no income to support themselves .
Hence , later retirement will be a good option for them .
The reason is that , with a job , the aged can keep themselves busy and do more thinking in order to complete their work .
So , it keeps them healthy .
At the same time , they may have stable income to support themselves .
For example , the Singapore government has extended the retirement age of Singaporeans from 60 to 62 , and at the same time , provides them with trainings and courses , such as the Ling Kwang Home and Seniors@eCitizen , in order to meet the requirements of  employers .
Some may argue that later retirement is too much a burden for the elderly , but it is actually optional for them , depending on their own abilities and desires .
In short , later retirement can help the elderly to accumulate more wealth to support themselves , maintain health and find new purposes of life so that they are less dependent on  others .
Lastly , it is undeniable that , some of the elderly have no children , and they are unable to work , especially those who are too old or uneducated .
Hence , the government and the public will play an important role in order to curb this problem .
For example , the Singapore government has implemented many policies and provided a lot of subsidies to help the elderly .
One of the subsidies is Home Medical and Home Nursing Subsidy provided by the Ministry of Health (MOH) .
MOH targets to fund 50% of the elderly population requiring home care services .
With the subsidy , the elderly can stay in their own houses as they do not have to stay in hospitals .
As a result , the lonely elderly can also stay healthy in a community .
Old age has been always been associated with poor health and loneliness as people reach the final stage of their life .
The aging process is exacerbated when children abandon their parents as they feel that the old ones are a burden to them .
This is evident by anincreasing number of old people being sent to old folks home every year .
In the past , such cases were fewer as abandoning of parents was seen as a social stigma , an unfilial act .
Despite this , current research , development and policies have helped to ease the aging process to a great extent .
Unprecedented advances in technology resulted from extensive research and implementation of different creative policies have made the process of aging more pleasurable .
This could be in the form of less illness associated with old age and more activities available for older ones to participate in .
Firstly , in the medical arena , huge amounts of money have been poured in for research and development .
This is without waste , as many cures have been found .
Previously incurable diseases such as tubercolosis can be eradicated and this leads to an increase in life span and higher quality of life .
People in old age can receive better medical attention .
With a healthier body , the aged can enjoy their later years .
Secondly government policies  have impacted the lives of the aged positively .
One of them is the introduction of subsidies .
Old people tend to have little or no savings .
Hence to be entitled to subsidies greatly increases their welfare .
Furthermore more and more countries are compelled by the law to set aside a certain amount of money for their old age .
In Singapore , a certain portion of working population income is set aside in their Central Provident Fund(CPF) in which the money can only be taken out at age 55 or later .
With more savings the old ones can provide for themselves and have more to spend for themselves instead of relying on the small sums payout by the government .
Another government policy that  benefits the aged is the increment of the retirement age .
This is to encourage more people to work longer and reduce the dependency of old people on the government .
Other than the economic benefits , old people can involve themselves in their work and research has shown that working reduces the risk of getting illness associated with old age such as Alzheimer's disease .
Thirdly , developments in infrastructure have resulted in more community centres built .
There are many activities ongoing in these community centres which are open to anyone interested .
Old people are encouraged to participate in these activites as they not only allow them to fill their time with activities they are passionate about but also expose them to opportunities to mix with a variety of people .
Such activities could include singing competition , karaoke , dancing and mind games .
These activities make the aging process more fulfilling and engaging .
As countries get more developed , their citizens are more affluent and trends and cultures change .
More and more people are forsaking their parents in old folks' homes as they could afford to .
Old people in old folks' homes may have to deal with loneliness and the harsh fact that their own children whom they have brought up , have abandoned them .
The 'loss' of the company of their loved ones may be difficult for them to accept and they may end up not enjoying the rest of their life .
To conclude , advancement in technology , breakthroughs in medical research and various government policies have contributed to the aging process where the aged can have better , quality and pleasurable time completing their last stage of their life .
However  in certain cases  development has caused a weakness in the extended family .
'Aging' is a natural process of human life-cycle , whereby one grows older and gains his wisdom to the fullest before he departs from the Earth .
However , with the increase in this group of 'intellectual' people , our world is turning grayer than before .
According to Gavrilov and Heuveline (2003) , population aging is expected to be among the most prominent global demographic trends of the 21st century .
It is characterized by the decline of the fertility rates as well as the rise of life expectancies worldwide .
As such , this intensifying phenomenon creates a huge economic impact on numerous countries across the globe , presenting challenges on the allocation of fiscal budget to mitigate rising healthcare costs as well as costs in other related areas .
Therefore , given the budget constraint of each country , it is crucial for the government to maximize its resources effectively to have a well-balanced development of other areas .
With the growth of the aging population , public spending on healthcare costs will be exorbitant .
Each working individual will have to contribute more taxes due to the decline of economically-productive people .
Nevertheless , it is important for the government to implement feasible policies to assist the aging population .
Measures to ease the aging process include architecture upgrades and restructuring of healthcare system .
The first measure consists of building innovative features like small bumps on the ground to lead the visually-impaired .
In addition to escalators , lifts are constructed at train stations to allow the wheelchair-bound to traverse between different levels .
The latter consists of building more community hospitals for the elderly as well as extending the services of community hospitals to homes to save costs (Majid , 2009 , para .
3 and 11) .
However , the government should also ascertain the limit of healthcare finances based on an individual's capability .
On the other hand , cutting of elderly welfare finances may increase the financial burden of the family members .
Therefore , it is essential for the government to focus its resources on developing various areas , especially on those that are important to the sovereign interests like defense , education and economy .
A nation's military spending always takes up a substantial proportion of its fiscal budget due to the importance of having a strong defense force to defend itself against aggressors should diplomatic negotiations fail .
For example , the proliferation of nuclear weapons by North Korea has sparked off a regional arm's race , causing neighboring countries like South Korea to purchase more sophisticated weaponry from America .
In addition , since the '911' incident , the world has come to see the threat of terrorism as very real .
Terrorists are able to conduct their operations anywhere around the globe due to their extensive network of terror cells worldwide .
Given the rapid technological advancement today , conflicts between countries can also exist in 'virtual' form like hacking into sensitive websites to disrupt the country's economic activities .
Therefore , it is inevitable for countries to increase more of their military budget to upgrade their defensive capabilities against various sophisticated forms of external threats .
Education is the key to sustain economic livelihood .
A proper educational structure will nurture more knowledgeable and capable people in the future to run the country .
Educated people will also be more inclined to be independent and make financial planning for themselves during their economically-active years .
They will also have better quality of life when they grow older due to their healthy lifestyles .
Therefore , this would incur less healthcare costs as they remain fit and productive in their golden years .
A nation's economy is the main source of country's income as it is an indicator of a country's wealth .
People living in well-developed countries have high standards of living due to their affluence brought about by their stable economy .
As a result , they remain fit and robust despite the rise in their life expectancies .
This also means that less healthcare spending is required to sustain these affluent elderly people .
The lower-income group will also benefit from a well-developed economy as higher economic growth enables a government to provide more healthcare finances to support the elderly .
This would thus reduce the financial burden of this group of people based on their income ceilings .
Despite the volatility of the country's economy due to the global market , it is imperative for a government to implement feasible economic policies to facilitate trade and growth .
Therefore , having a sturdy economy will also incur less financial costs on elderly welfare .
In retrospect , countries around the world face challenges with an increasingly aging population .
Governments need to strike a delicate balance in allocating scarce resources to develop other crucial areas as they are indirectly related to healthcare costs incurred by the aged .
Likewise , they need to forecast future demographic trends and be flexible in changing and implementing new fiscal measures to deal with the graying population .
Aging is , no doubt , one of the most pressing issues that many developed countries are facing today .
Japan and Singapore have been battling an aging society for many years where the birth rates are at depressing levels and better healthcare facilities are available .
Because of this aging process , there is a need for research and development to come out with ideas to counteract it .
Thus , to a large extent , I agree that current research and development is the solution to this aging process .
The process can be eased through economical , social and architectural means .
Firstly , through economical means , elderly people are becoming increasingly part of the working community , working past the retirement age .
Singapore for example has a minimum retirement age of 62 years .
Elderly people can continuously upgrade themselves through job retraining to acquire relevant skills required for the job .
There are subsidies from the government to employers to send workers aged 40 and above to upgrade their skills .
An example is SDF course fee subsidy of up to 90% for workers aged above 40 with 'A' level and below qualifications .
However , critics may argue that employers may hire younger workers due to their lower wages and higher working efficiency as compared to  older workers .
This is not always the case as companies are less likely to waste time and effort to train the newcomers over a period and may not have the satisfied results at the end of the training .
Instead , they may want to retain the more experienced and skilled older workers to maintain a consistent working standard .
As for wages , people aged above 50 will contribute less to their CPF accounts and this includes the employer's CPF contribution .
This will in turn lighten the cost of employing older workers and the company would prefer to hire the more experienced older workers over the less experienced younger workers .
Thus , economically , elderly people will be able to work longer and be more independent by supporting themselves for their retirement .
Secondly , through social policies , there are more and more entertainment activities to keep the elderly  occupied .
To cope with elderly people's increasing loneliness , there are activities that can bond the elders together and engage them in fun-learning and enriching activities according to their interests .
For example , the Wellness Programme in Singapore provides companionship with the other seniors through activities like brisk walking , dancing , gardening or cycling .
However , not all elderly people are willing to participate in such events .
Although there are a lot of activities set up for elderly people , it is optimally up to them to decide whether or not to join the activities .
We cannot force but encourage them to take up the relevant activities that may interest them .
They should also make an effort to keep a healthy lifestyle .
For example , in China , it is common to see many elderly people practising Taiji in the morning in public parks and dancing along the streets at night .
It is thus important to maintain a healthy , yet entertaining lifestyle especially at an old age .
Last but not least , through architectural means , there are many infrastructures and facilities put in place for the convenience of the elderly .
For the safety of the elderly , ramps and slip resistant footpaths are being set up in residential estates .
An example would be at Macpherson Gardens in Singapore where such features are being put in place , creating an elderly-friendly estate .
The flats built in the past in Singapore were not accessible at every floor as the lifts were built in a way where they stopped only at specific levels .
Today , to improve the convenience of the residents , especially the elderly , upgrading works are being carried out at various locations , ensuring that lifts will stop at every level .
All these upgrading works are carried out to ensure that the place is made suitable for the elderly to live in .
In conclusion , as many developed countries are facing a fast aging population , proper research and development have to be carried out in order to ease the aging process .
Through economical , social and architectural means , we are thinking ahead for the future and creating an elderly- friendly environment for the elderly people to live in .
Internet Sources:
Nowadays , our society is highly concerned about the impact of  aging process on our lives .
In order to be a valid candidate for an explanation of the aging process , the changes proposed by the theory must meet the following criteria: (1) they will commonly occur in all or most humans; (2) as an individual ages , these changes will become more pronounced; and (3) the changes will lead to cellular or organ dysfunction that ultimately causes failure of the organ or system (Steven N . Trautwein) .
Although the aging process has raised many problems in our lives , current science research and social policies have helped to solve these problems .
As the life cycle of human beings is  , human life expectancy is heavily dependent on the rate of aging .
However , a lot of money and efforts have been put in by governments ,  companies and scientists worldwide to do  research in aging in order to slow down the aging process and also help to resolve some health problems that are caused by aging .
For example , there are scientists who have created fruit flies that are able to  their normal life spans and thus have made old human cells behave like young cells again .
This research has made it possible to let us live for a longer time ,  leading to a healthier life in our old age .
As a result , degenerative diseases of old age such as arthritis , diabetes and hypertension can be treated and thus help in easing the aging process .
Centuries ago , human longevity was comparably shorter than human longevity today .
This is because  the invention of medicine has helped human beings to sustain a longer life .
As we know , human cells tend to become unable to regenerate when we reach our old age and this will lead to the failure of organs such as kidneys , livers and hearts .
The only way to cure these diseases is to undergo transplantation .
As the growing aging population has increased the need for organs , it is hard to get enough organs needed for the transplantation .
In this case , artificial organs can help to bridge the gap in time until a donor organ is available for transplantation and thus improve the survival of patients while they are waiting for transplantation .
Therefore , we should appreciate the hard work of scientists in the lab and medical center since it has improved  old age  in many aspects .
Other than the medical breakthroughs , social policies for the elderly are also playing important roles to ease the aging process .
For instance , there are social policies such as introducing advanced insurance schemes that encourages young people to start saving more to be financially secure in their old age .
Many countries have made individual retirement funds mandatory and hence successfully increased the number of individuals who are able to support themselves in their old age .
In addition , some social welfare programs , especially those which help to resolve the aging problems , including providing financial help to theneedy elderly , are under way .
These programs protect those underprivileged elderly from starving  or from being homeless .
At the same time , some charitable societies have organized many activities for the elderly to enjoy  whichprevent them from getting psychological illnesses such as depression that could make them feel they are worthless  .
These activities have provided a place for them to socialize with others , make friends , and get exercise as well .
Hence , these social policies have brought a happy , healthy , safe and comfortable life to the elderly .
In conclusion , our society should pay much attention to the aging problems and come up with solutions .
We are unable to reverse  time but on average we can live  a healthier lifestyle and for a compared with our ancestors since current research and policies are practical in solving some  aging problems .
Apart from that , there are also many studies in different fields such as architecture and psychology that are helpful to the elderly .
As  time passes , everybody will eventually become older and so we should prepare for it now .
Referencing
Report from a private organization , available on organization website: 2003:Splendiani G; Cipriani S; Vega A; Casciani C U Artificial organs and transplantation .
Artificial cells , blood substitutes , and immobilization biotechnology2003;31(2):91- 6 .
Retrieved September 14 , 2009 from {http://www .biomedexperts .com/Abstract .bme/12751825/Artificial_organs_and_transplantation}[HYPERLINK: http://www .biomedexperts .com/Abstract .bme/12751825/Artificial_organs_and_transplantation] Internet sources: Steven N . Trautwein .
Retrieved September 14 , 2009 from {http://www .biologyreference .com/A-Ar/Aging-Biology-of .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .biologyreference .com/A-Ar/Aging-Biology-of .html]
2000 Friends Behavioral Health System .
Retrieved September 14 , 2009 from http://www .friendshospitalonline .org/elderlyfacts .htm
For the past few years , the issue of aging population has been debated widely across the globe as it took our world by storm .
As our economy develops , the sign of aging population worsen .
Facts of such can be seen in developed countries like Germany and Japan , where the median age of citizen in the country is pushing towards 53 and 54 respectively (Peterson 2001) .
As an older population will directly result in lower productivity and higher social and welfare cost in a nation , many sociologist of today are attending and bringing forth strategies , hoping that the issue of elder dependency will be taken care of without threatening a nation's economy .
While majority of the solutions were revolving around increasing public spending on the aged , many think that such proposal is not viable and well balanced , as the economic aspect of a country has not been taken into account .
People at this opposing end , on the other hand , believe that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development , indirectly solving the aging matter effectively .
In the midst of such controversy , I personally agree that the problem of elder dependency will be better taken care of if a nation limits its spending on the elderly .
For the first reason of my standpointan aging population that the root of the elder dependency problem can onthe worldbe solved if the couy invests in other specsigns arean aging populationdirectly Such signstuation .
By spending directly on the aged , the government is only trying to deal witcitizensonsequences and not the source of the problem .
On the other hand , if the country invests in other specific areas like education , the burden of responsibility in taking care the elderly will litesociologistst from the govo the younger generation .
This is due to the better inculcation and cultivation of morale values among the youth as a result of better educatithe majoritym , thus increasingrevolveibility in taking care of their immediate elderly family members .
A ca proposalould also focusnors spending on developing its financial economy , as the result of such action would be that the working population thusly better off to take care their immediate elderly family members , reducing the burden on government spending .
Secondlygue that the ideology of such approach in dealing with aging population is too long-term oriented .
As such , it is impractical and it lacks of ability to deal with the problem in the short run .
As the benefit of the approach can only be seen in the long run , financial worriesng the public funding amount immediately will result in shortage of funds to deal with current demand .
This will then result in audden vulnerable position , where many elder needy will not get the medthe medicald financial attention that they need .
In my limiting public spending on the aged .
By reducing the public funding , the government seeks to be more stringent in their subsidization criteria .
This will ensure that those who really need help will still get the attention needed , while those who can still afford trun after an approaches will receive lesser in contrast .
Instead of ignoring thare obligednd help , this approach simply re-evaluates the subsidizing criteria , enforcing the practice of self responsibilan account those who can and asking the public to play a fair share in taking carthemselvess or their immediate family members .
takelesspublic funding for the elderlymayprecarious situationcouldwouldAll in all , in order to tackle the root of the elder dependency proban approachresponding nationan aging populations on dealing with the current tangible problems .
Instead , more attenothe abilityd be placed on the intangible source .
Tterm will eventually result in a smoothen path in securing the aging process , and lessen the burden of the nation's economy .
"To a large extent , current research and development or policies have helped to ease the aging process ."
I agree with the statement .
In recent years , many Asian countries such as Japan , South Korea , Hong Kong and Singapore have been tackling  a long term issue - a burgeoning ageing population , which is a repercussion of rapid economic development , with high quality of health care but a relatively low fertility rate .
An aging population has caused an increase in public spending and decline in Gross Domestic Product (GDP) , owing to a decrease in the people who are highly productive .
In conjunction with this issue , The Council for Third Age (C3A) has been established in Singapore with the aim of promoting active aging .
In fact , the wellness of seniors is very vital .
Surveys show that many elderly individualsare prone to suicide because they can not bear the overwhelming effects of ill health and the feeling of loneliness .
Fortunately , plenty of research studies and policies have helped in easing the aging process .
Prime Minister of Singapore , Lee Hsien Loong , once said , "We are crafting new policies , improving our infrastructure and developing effective programs to enable older citizens to lead full and happy lives ."
An important policy the government has adopted is "Supporting Lifelong Employability" .
According to this strategy , legislation requires employers to offer re-employment to workers for another three years after their official retirement age , not necessarily in the same job or at the same pay .
In addition ,The government is going to retrain  older workers and enhance their skills so that they are ready to  .
For example , in July 2007 , C3M and local university Uni SIM offered courses to senior citizens so as to enable them to earn credits through courses to pursue a degree in future .
However , critics argue that the elderly are inefficient , conservative and out-dated .
They are a burden rather than an asset in the workplace .
Nonetheless , most  older workers are independent , mature and  .
They possess valuable experience to impart to the younger workers and they can the younger workers that are more productive and innovative , but who lack  experience .
This strategy enables senior citizens to stay engaged and contributing in the workforce , have more self-reliance in finance , boost the economic development of Singapore ,  , and thus slow down the aging process .
Furthermore , the introduction of the Central Provident Fund (CPF) , a mandatory saving scheme , is also a policy carried out by the government to ease the aging process .
Under the CPF scheme , employees have to pay into their individual employee accounts during their working years and the savings can be drawn when a person retires to pay for his medical expenses or long- term care .
The policy is quite useful in grappling with the aging issue from the economic view point as it encourages financial planning by individuals during their economically active years and lowers  such as their burden hindering the younger generation's  .
The government can also reduce the privileges allocated to the elderly and the public spending can be used in a more prudent way in the development of the country in other areas .
Maybe from the younger generation's perspective , the policy doesn't make sense as it not only  every month , but it is  .
However , it is a worthwhile practice for citizens to plan for their income and expenditure and  their future .
In addition , the implementation of the "Wellness Program" and policies to create an age-friendly environment also helps in buffering the aging process .
The Wellness Program is a social program designed to encourage active and healthy lifestyles among senior citizens .
It comprises 3 parts- health screening , regular exercise programmes and social activities like brisk walking , dancing , cycling and so on .
Recently ,  realise that  housing estates and public transport   .There is also lift access to all floors of block of flats .
All these create a safe and accessible environment to the elderly .
In effect , the policies are because the welfare of the elderly is well taken care of and they will not be neglected by the community .
Despite the fact that this social policy requires a lot of money , it is crucial because senior citizens are part of our society and as responsible members of society , it is our duty to take care of their welfare when they are  unable to do so themselves .
In conclusion , the aging process is complicated and multifarious , and it affects every one of us .
We may not be able to prevent the aging process from happening but we can try to slow down the process as far as we can .
Current research and development indeed helps a lot in slowing down the process .
The aging problem is serious; it may slow down the economic growth in a country and create long-term stagnation .
Therefore , we must contribute to and support the policies available so as to achieve  on a societal level in the long term .
____________________________
Reference :
Journal Article: Lee Hsien Loong (2009) .
Preparing for an Aging Population: The Singapore Experience .
AARP Journal Winter 09 (pg .12-17)
2 Book : Ministry Of Community Development , Youth and Sports .
Adding Life to Years - Happy , Healthy & Active Seniors (2009) .
Singapore .
3 Online newspaper article: Hoe Yeen Nie ( 05 July 2007 ) Council for Third Age and UniSIM offer courses to senior citizens .
Channel NewsAsia
The increase inaging populations around the world is being hastened due to the long life expectancy and low fertility ratesin many countries .
Most countries have poured a great deal of resources into this increasing population .
However , if this trend of spending continues in the future  , it will be destructive to a country's financial structure .
Therefore , spending on the aged should be limited in order to transfer valuable resources to other sectors which also require the country's attention .
Besides focusing all her resources on education and the economy , Singapore should also be spending some of her resources on the aged .
There is an immediate problem here and we cannot ignore that these 50- to 60-year-old elders as they have contributed to the success of Singapore in many ways .
Even if Singapore successfully brings Singapore education and economy to greater heights , there will still be people who fall through the cracks .
These people will need even more help in this highly competitive society .
Beyond that , solutions like nursing those elderly in other countries like Malaysia where expenses will be lower are not well received by the elderly themselves .
Therefore , we still need to spend on maintaining the welfare of these people .
In conclusion , by spending more on both the economy and education , we will be able to decrease the effects of the aging problem .
By investing in education and economy , Singaporeans will be able to generate more disposable income and hence , be less reliant on  government funding when they grow old .
Still , we should not forget to leave some for the aged as they have contributed in many ways to the country .
We should still be a responsible country which will take care of its citizens .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Being a firm believer of 'Prevention is better than cure' , I agree to a certain extent .
In year 2000 , seven percent of Singapore's total population is over the age of sixty-five , however , by 2030 this will increase to nineteen percent (Inter- Ministerial Committee on Aging Report 1999) .
Singapore can limit public spending on the aged , using the savings and indirectly alleviate or even reduce the total expenditure catered on the aged in terms of healthcare and accommodation .
By three methods that tackles the problem in a long run .
Thirdly , there should be an increase in fund on the healthcare sector .
One primary concern for providing healthcare for the aged is the cost .
Although some might argue that increasing the fund justthe government can encourage familiesoviding for the agrelationshipsng at thefamily membersgeI believe that with better understanding ,yindividualsiwiths for all .
By treating and preventing more spendoe before one gets old , detecting early symptoms of diseases , etc . , a person can be healthier especially when coupled by good social-policy planning by the government .
It is well known thathat arisesfrom age-related problemsuctive than any sickness the aged will have , having a fit mind is essential for having a fit body .
"To a large extent , current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process ."
It is true to say that  with different improvements from different fields , we can face the challenges and solve the problems  arising from aging population .
If these problemsare not solved , the median age in many first-world countries will reach 51 by  .
During the aging process , the elderly will face financial problems and may be abandoned by their children .
Although this problem is unlikely to be solved in the short run , many ways have been carried out to ease the aging process , particularly in social policy and science research .
the Singapore government improves returns on CPF Savings to help the retirees .
Some  people claimclaim that it is everyone's responsibility to plan financially for old-age to reduce dependency on children However , for those who are physically disabled and suffering from illnesses , they do not have the ability to work and look after themselves .
Improving returns on CPF savings will ensure the savings can last for the lifetime of CPF members .
Older CPF members who volunteer to defer the draw-down of their savings to the age of 65 will receive a Voluntary Deferment Bonus .
This policy is used to encourage them to accumulate more wealth to support themselves during  old age .
The government is considering implementing a longevity insurance scheme that provides basic and affordable plans to ensure long-life income .
Hence ,  the effort of Singapore government to improve returns on CPF Savings has buffered the impact of the aging problem .
Besides Singapore , countries around the world also put in efforts to ease the aging process .
The silver jobs fair , established to find jobs for people aged 60 and over , is part of a government effort in South Korea to assist a rapidly growing population of older Koreans .
This jobs fair has mushroomed across South Korea in the past year .
In the past , it was a tradition that adult children should take primary responsibility for the good care of their aging parents .
However , the phenomenon we notice today is that the elderly are dismayed to find themselves dependent on children .
Children often expect their parents to contribute to household chores when they move in and do not expect to be made responsible for their parents' well-being . .
Therefore , most of them need to work  and master new technologies in order to earn their living after retirement .
Though some  that the elderly do not perform well in their work , this group of people can actually bring improvement to the sectors they are involved in through  their own experiences .
This silver jobs fair has helped many older and unprepared Koreans to enter the last stages of their lives more easily in a culture transformed by longer life .
Viewing from the healthcare perspective , researchers have also taken a big step toward discovering that human hearts can grow new cells .
This is a significant research to help to ease the aging process as we know heart diseases are common among the elderly .
There are some people who claim that this breakthrough is only in the realm of basic science research but it is a good start for future use .
It was previously thought that the human heart is unable to grow new cells after birth .
However , there is a study that can disprove it .
The scientists reported the evidence that new heart cells are made through one person's life .
This study could help doctors to design treatments for the damage caused by heart attacks , which was previously thought to be irreversible .
Now , it is possible to say that we can regenerate heart muscles after a heart attack .
Therefore , it is a new hope for the elderly who are suffering from heart diseases .
In conclusion , the aging problem is a concern all over the world .
The older population is growing at a considerably faster rate than the world's population .
It is a complex issue but not insurmountable .
It is important to understand the problems faced by the elderly before taking further actions so that leaders can implement practical measures to cope with this problem .
With the current policies and development in science study , aging process will be solved in the long run .
The challenge for the future is to ensure that people with different ages can continue to participate in society as citizens with full human rights .
Hence , I hope that the relationship between the generations can be nurtured and  children will take the responsibility for taking care of their parents .
Referencing
Internet sources: United Nations .
Department of Economic and Social Affairs .
Population Division .
Study on World Population Aging 1950-2050 , from http://www .un .org/esa/population/publications/worldageing19502050/ Article about growing new cells in hearts http://www .suite101 .com/blog/anthonylee06/growing_new_cells_in_the_heart
To a large extent , current research , developments and policies have helped ease the aging processa A fast increasing  the aged population has been occurring all over the world .
As people age , their income drops but their medical expenses are actually increasing .
Hence , every research , development and policy that will help them to reduce their burden is important to them .
To a large extent , current research , developments and policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Medical expenses are most likely to be the burden of aged population .
As humans age , metabolism rates and immunity will start to drop , and limbs and body organs such as kidneys , livers , and hearts will start to fail due to long years of usage .
That is when all the medical expenses start to rise as a result of health problems .
To ensure that the aged population is able to pay large amount of medical expenses which could happen due to their old age ,  has set up a few policies to assist them .
For example , Medisave helps when they are younger to save money for their future medical expenses  .
It allows more people to be able buy  affordable insurance since its premium  can be deducted from their Medisave accounts , while Central Provident Funds allow people to be less worried about their silver age expenses , include medical expenses .
These policies have helped to ensure that people will be more able to pay for their future medical expenses .
Although some people might think that the government forces them to contribute part of their income to CPF  , they fail to realize that this  can be good as it prevents them from squandering it on other less important merchandise .
Therefore , when they age , they will not be very dependent on the government , which  thus  can divert  funds into other important development plans .
Other than the expenses ,  science and medical discovery is one of most important factors that will help ease the aging process .
Since the increase inawareness of balanced diet , people have been consuming less salt , sugar or high fat food ,  thus reducing the chances  suffering  from chronic diseases like hypertension , diabetes , or cardiovascular diseases .
Although statistics have shown that people have become more vulnerable to these kinds of diseases , their chance of survival has been increasing as medical technology becomes more advanced .
In addition , medicines  used to counter hypertensionand diabetes have been popular .
Thus , these enable hypertension and diabetis patients  to work and live normally after taking  medicine .
What will happen if older people need these medicines but these medicines are not affordable to them ?
The medisave and medishield they bought will help them pay for their expenses; although not fully  , it would still  significantly .
Architectural improvement has also linked aged people both with and without disability to be able to travel by themselves .
For instance , the SMRT company has installed lifts at every MRT station and provided bus services that are able to carry wheelchair users .
With these little extra efforts provided by the company , it would be more convenient for the aged people to ride MRT or public bus .
A decade ago , most Singapore HDB apartment lifts are not accessible on every floor , thus it was very inconvenient for older people as they still  to take the stairs which might have imposed more danger to them .
Seeing this problem , the government decided to upgrade the lift systems , so  most HDB apartment lifts are accessible on every floor now .
The cost of this architectural improvement required a large amount of funds , but what drove SMRT , SBS Transit and the government to spend  much money on these upgrades even though these may not have affected  profits  ?
It was because  may have seen  future benefits from these upgrades as the improvements would not only benefit aged or disabled people , but they would also reduce people's travel time thus increasing their productivity .
Hence , we  find that government policies have helped people to be more able to meet their medical expenses ,  science discovery has helped improved aged people's health conditions , and architectural improvement has made aged people's life easier .
Combining all points mentioned above , we can conclude that current research , developments and policies have not only been helping ease the aging process but also have brought a lot of other benefits as well .
By the year 2030 , one in five people in Singapore will have aged 65 and above .
If there is a limit to the budget meant for the elderly , the quality of life that the government provides for the elderly will be affected .
Lack of family support , unemployment due to low education level , and social and political impact on the country are some of the factors why public spending on the aged should not be limited .
It should instead be increased gradually over the years .
Traditionally , the family has been the main source of support for the elderly but over the years , due to the effects of massive migration of young adults and higher cost of living in Singapore , more elderly are being deprived of such support .
Many of the young adults are leaving Singapore because of the stifling atmosphere of the country and the political and intellectual lockstep enforced by the government .
Some are also attracted by  job offers overseas .
With these young adults leaving the country , the elderly are the ones who suffer because they are  left alone and most of the time , their children do not have the intention of coming back .
Tribunal cases of elderly demanding financial assistance from their children in Singapore have increased over the years .
Although the government is studying the best way to use the Maintenance of Parents Act to get such children to fulfill their filial duty , they should also set aside abigger budget each year  as a cushion in case the children themselves have difficulty financing their own families .
Most of the elderly do not have proper education that is needed in today's society in order to make ends meet .
With age catching up with time , their productivity decreases and eventually companies  hire new employees to replace them .
If the government were to limit  spending on them , they will face many potential problems such as unemployment or retrenchment , which will have a spillover effect on their children supporting them financially .
However , some companies do retain their older workers because of loyalty but if there is a crisis , they will still be the first ones to get laid off .
The government has done well in givingdoleouts to the elderly but this could only satisfy a percentage of the elderly population .
There are still many families who need the government's aid in order to meet their needs .
Our population is aging and by spending more on the aged , people can be assured that when they grow old , the government will be there to support them .
With this in mind , they will be spurred to work harder and contribute more to society .
On the other hand , if there is a limit on spending on the aged , people might tend towards individualism .
This will over time cause them to be more focused on their individual interests without taking the interests of society into consideration .
This will greatly affect Singapore since we are a multi racial society and working together towards a common goal is important for us .
Moreover , besides the social impact on the country , political impact will be another factor to take into consideration .
By not limiting the budget for the aged , the government can be assured of support from the elderly during a political election which may be critical for winning since Singapore is turning into an aging population .
According to Singapore statistics ,  the percentage of the elderly in Singapore is 8 .7% of the entire population and this number is increasing slowly every year .
It may not be the bulk of the population but it might be a significant percentage of votes .
Singapore has done well over the years in implementing projects helping the poor and consequently , it has gained the trust and support of the citizens .
It is therefore crucial to maintain or improve its image through  .
In summary , having a limit to the budget will  have long-term implications for the country's  and growth .
The government should gradually increase the budget for the elderly every year alongside its economic growth .
Instead of treating the elderly in society as a burden , the government should think of ways to harness their knowledge and experience  so that they can contribute back more to society .
In the recent years , along with the decline in birth rates , the proportion of the aged in our population has also increased .
This has led  to a major problem of our time , known as ageing population .
Governments around the world have been actively seeking measures to cope with the problem , one of which is to increase  public spending on the aged .
Even though public spending on the elderly is essential  in dealing  with an ageing population , it should be limited because of  underlying negative implications .
Instead , more  expenditure should go towards other forms of development .
Though some may agree that public spending on the aged largely aids  society in coping with the needs of an ageing population ,  it may also hinder the development of other sectors .
This is because , as the world becomes more globalised , what follows is the surge in the cost of living .
Services for the aged will become more expensive .
Hence , this implies that public spending on the elderly will have to increase simultaneously as well .
With greater expenditure on helping the aged , the country will have less funds for development in other areas such as infrastructure .
Therefore , with  inadequate input into these areas , the development of the latter will be neglected .
As such areas are the key pillars of a country's development , any slowdown in these areas will affect the country's regional competitiveness .
EU , for instance , has been dealing with an ageing population .
It has been predicted that the region's growth rate will be reduced by half in the near future as a result of over public spending on the aged .
[1] Hence , its impact on the economy is negative ,  .
Therefore , since expenditure on the aged puts the country's growth at risk , it should be limited .
Though many may claim that the bulk of the amount needed to support the aged should come from the government which has the greatest financial power to support them ,  this public spending should be limited .
The reason is , the government is not the only form of support for the aged .
The elderly's children are also another form of support .
If large expenditures were to be dedicated to helping the elderly , the children may   rely too heavily on the government to support their aged family members instead of both parties playing a part in sharing the burden of supporting them .
In Singapore , for instance , the government is not the sole party that is responsible for supporting the ageing population .
The government only contributes through  distribution of subsidies to help the aged while their children carry the responsibility of supporting them .
Therefore , to prevent overdependence on the government  , public spending should be limited and be diverted to other areas for better use .
Some may argue that limited public spending may not be ideal .
In the event that  government's expenditures on the aged is restricted while the number of elderly is surging , the needs of the elderly may not be completely attended to .
Such a circumstance will affect a country's development .
This is because since the aged's basic needs are not attended to , they have to work in order to fulfill them .
With the presence of the aged in the workforce , the latter will not be competitive .
Hence , since the workforce is the main sector that drives the economy , an ageing workforce which is inefficient will slow down economic growth and hinder the country's progress .
However , this usually assumes that there are no measures which prepare the people for old age .
Currently , many governments have implemented measures which enforce compulsory savings for old age , such as the Singapore government which implementa Medisave .
Hence , even though  public expenditure on the aged were to be limited , people still have  savings  which ,  when combined with the government aid , are more than sufficient to meet their needs .
Hence , limitation of public expenditure is still feasible and should be encouraged so that money can be diverted into other areas of the country's development .
In conclusion , it is inevitable for countries to deal with an ageing population .
However , apart from coping with the latter , countries must not neglect other parts of development which are crucial to these countries as well .
Therefore , it is advisable for public expenditure on the aged to be limited so that no other sectors are  sacrificed  .
-----------------------
[1] In the year 2040-1 .3 billion senior citizens by Maggie fox http://www .canada .com/health/seniors/year+2040+billion+senior+citizens/18088 30/story .html
The number of aging people ,  also known as the gray population , is increasing rapidly nowadays .
A growing gray population means more things to be sacrificedsacrificed-- one of them is public money that is spent to fund the aged ,  usually known as public spending for the aged .
In Indonesia , the budget does not specify whether the government can spend much money on them without any limitation .
However , the infrastructure of Indonesia is not well constructed yet .
We can see it from  evidence that is present , such as the currency of Indonesian rupiah which is very weak compared to other currencies .
Therefore , we can say that limitation on spending for the aged is a good idea since in Indonesia , there are still many areas that are not well developed yet , especially in the economic area .
Thirdly , limitation on public spending for the aged is not as bad as it seems .
For example , the government makes a policy which says that only 2% from the Nett National Product should be spent on older people .
If Nett National product of Indonesia is about 10 billion Rupiah per month , it means that 200 million Rupiah should be allocated to be spent on the aged .
Then , the government uses the rest of Nett National Product to improve Indonesia's economy .
After one year , due to economic improvement , Indonesia's Nett National Product rose to 20 billion per month .
Then Indonesia should allocate 400 million Rupiah to fund the elderly .
This example shows that spending on the aged will be raised together with the raising of Nett National Product which is earned from the improvement of the economic sector in Indonesia .
To sum up , the government of Indonesia should limit its spending on the aged and improve other areas of the country , especially the economic area .
In fact , limitation on it does not always mean a bad  effect .
We can use percentage system for the policy on it which means that the amount of spending for the aged will rise together with the improvement of the economic sector .
Now , the challenge for the government is to look for the best way to improve the economic situation in Indonesia .
As the proportion of the world's population in the older ages continues to increase , many observers are concerned that an ageing population will accelerate growth in health care spending as individuals tend to use more healthcare facilities when they age .
In the case of Australia , government spending on health rose by $6 .1 billion or $267 per person from 2003 to 2004 .
Increased health care spending results in a smaller ratio of the government's spending on other areas like infrastructure and defence leading to economic impacts .
I do not agree that public spending on the aged should be limited because spending money on the aged such as facilities and equipment is something that is definitely necessary for a society to be able to advance with no one left behind .
Rather than it being limited , public spending on the aged should be referred to as being controlled .
As long as needs are fulfilled , spending within a budget allows sufficient funds to be disturbed to other areas as well .
Society might find it difficult to advance if the aged population is being left behind as the mindsets , cultures and values of these different age groups would not be able to shift together with time .
This will result in the clashes of opinions and thinking , especially during the process of implementation of policies .
These clashes will slow down the progress of administrative work , causing possible long term impacts to be felt by the economy .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should not be limited because the impacts caused by the limited spending will lead to long run negative impacts on the country's economy .
By 2040 , the number of over-65s will top 1 .3 billion people and account for some 14% of the world's population .
Therefore ,  encouraging the older workforce to go for retrainingretraining will increase the productivity of these workers and hence their employability .
This will reduce the burden on the government as the government is no longer required to look after the basic necessities of the aged if they were able to be independent and self-reliant in meeting the needs of their daily lives .
* Stanford Center on Longevity (2008) .
What Global Aging Means for the Workforce .
Retrieved Monday , 7 September , 2009 from {http://longevity .stanford .edu/myworld/articles/globalworkforce}[HYPERLINK: http://longevity .stanford .edu/myworld/articles/globalworkforce] * Healthcare Economist (2009 , 11 February) .
Healthcare Spending .
Retrieved Monday , 7 September , 2009 from {http://healthcare-economist .com/2009/02/11/health-care-spending/}[HYPERLINK: http://healthcare-economist .com/2009/02/11/health-care-spending/] * UC Atlast of Global Inequality (2009) .
Inequality in World Healthcare Spending .
Retrieved Monday 7 September , 2009 from {http://ucatlas .ucsc .edu/spend .php}[HYPERLINK: http://ucatlas .ucsc .edu/spend .php]
There has always been  on-going research , development or policies to help the easing of the process of aging .
How exactly do we define "easing of the aging process" ?
In the simplest terms , it refers to helping the elderly to age with convenience , to age with ease , and to age with grace .
Personally , I agree to a large extent that current research , development or policies in the architecture , economics and medical fields have help to ease the aging process .
There are three reasons which will be elaborated in the following paragraphs .
Firstly ,  mobility for the elderly has been improved .
In Singapore , the Building & Construction Authority (BCA) has been implementing a "Barrier- Free" blueprint known as the Code on Barrier-Free Accessibility in Buildings 1990 (Building and Construction Authority , 2006) .
This code contains restrictions and regulations which engineers and architects have to comply with make the built environment accessible-friendly for the elderly .
For example , the authority ensures the installation of lifts at every storey of Housing Development Board (HDB) flats and Mass Rapid Transportation (MRT) stations , as well as  ramps at all entrances of buildings .
However , people pointed out that the plan is not fully-developed and there are still several shortcomings .
They had commented on one shortcoming that there are still a large number of buildings which are still not fully-accessible .
With regard to this , the BCA has already stepped introduced the plan by applying another 5-year plan , known as the Barrier-Free Accessibility (BFA) Upgrading Program (2007-2011) to make sure that all buildings will be equipped with barrier-free improvements .
Furthermore , BCA has also set-up a $40 million Accessibility Fund for private buildings to be transformed into barrier-free buildings .
Therefore , one cannot possibly comment that privatized buildings are not accessible-friendly for the elderly .
In addition , lifts and ramps are currently being built at  older MRT stations such as Queenstown MRT station to help the elderly to travel from ground level to ticket gantries more easily .
With all these concurrent efforts by BCA , mobility has improved vastly for the elderly .
As such , they can age with more convenience and hence improving their connectivity with others .
Secondly , the Singapore government has employed initiatives to help elderly to extend their working lives .
This is to achieve reduced financial and emotional dependency on the younger generation by the elderly .
This is especially important for any aging population just like Singapore .
The news articles have also been reportedly quoting that the government hopes to reduce the impacts of an aging population by extending working lives .
As such , they came up with initiatives like Skills Program for Upgrading and Resilience (SPUR) , for the elderly who wish to work longer .
This program will enable the elderly to upscale their skills so that they can be retained in employment by their employers (Singapore Workforce Development Agency , 2009) .
Another initiative is the Lifelong Income For the Elderly under the Central Provident Funds Scheme (CFP LIFE) , whereby there is a fixed amount of income for an elderly who is aged 65 years  and above .
This will then ensure financial protection for the elderly when they reach the age (Prime Minister's  Office , 2009) .
However , people often question the effectiveness of these initiatives .
They may have doubts whether the fund is enough to enable a high percentage of elderly to work longer or can the companies cope with re-employment of older workers ?
With regard to this , the Prime Minister of Singapore , Mr . Lee Hsien Loong , had has reassured the public that the government will continue to revise the initiatives to make sure that the elderly can work longer with ease .
With regard to the ability of the companies to cope with re-employment of older workers , the government has introduced another program know as the ADVANTAGE !
SchemeScheme , which offers grants up to $400 ,000 to companies who are interested to re- employ older workers (NTUC NeXus , 2006) .
This is to help them to deal with changes in areas such as wage restructuring and the cost to re-train the older workers .
As such , with these initiatives , the public should  rest assured that the minimum of initiatives will be carried out to guarantee that the elderly can extend their working lives with least problems .
In this way , they can then work to occupy themselves and age with ease that they can at least contribute to the economy .
In conclusion , current research and development have indeed helped the elderly in their aging process in the ways as mentioned above .
Despite the fact that we do not know the exact measurements of how well these developments have helped the elderly , it is clear these developments are done to make sure our aging population can be well taken care of .
Furthermore , the most important thing here is that we can help everyone to age with ease , grace and happiness so that there will be less aging issues to be addressed .
Expenditure on health , education , infrastructure , industrial and social amenities are examples of government public spending .
Today , the government emphasizes more on the aged and spends a large sum of money to assist them .
Quoted from the NHS Community Care Statistics in year 2009 , 1221000 older people are receiving some local authority supported care services which use  5 .9 billion .
This amount of money can be use for further development .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be reduced so that more spending can be diverted to other sector of the country's development .
Furthermore , infrastructure development requires a higher percentage of spending compared to spending on the aged because infrastructure plays an important role in ameliorating the standard of living of a country .
Transportation is very important in Singapore because almost all will need to travel .
Singapore transportation consists  of Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) , Singapore Changi Airport and others .
The government should spend more on transportation by providing more facilities for the disabled and poor .
Other than that , improvement in waste management is required as pollution is a big issue till today .
More recycle bins or "Saving the Earth" events should be carried out by the government .
Furthermore , renewable energy usage such as solar energy , wind energy and water energy should be used more frequently in order to reduce the usage of nonrenewable resources .
For example , wind power generation has a significant share in total electricity generation in Denmark (around 20%) , Spain (around 11%) and Germany (around 7%) .
Hence , the government should pay more attention to saving natural resources .
Another significant area is  industrialization .
Industrialization can be a core concern of a country as it is the second largest sector in most countries .
Industrial agriculture requires a lot of funds to improve their harvesting and planting .
Wikipedia claims that intensive farming is an{agricultural}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Agricultural]production system characterized by the high{inputs}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Input]of{capital}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Capital_(economics)] ,labor , or heavy usage of technologies such as{pesticides}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Pesticides]and pesticides{fertilizers}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Fertilizers]relative to land area .
Agriculture requires high spending to enhance their skills .
Moreover , the manufacturing industry also needs attention from the government since manufacturing is satisfying the citizens .
Manufacturing factories create many products and sells them to  consumers according to their demand in the market .
In addition , the construction industry is momentous as it will determine how a country will be developed .
As we can see today , there is construction everywhere in Singapore and this proves that Singapore is advancing at a quick pace .
Singapore's building and construction industry account for about 4% ofgross domestic product and S$27 and S$32 billion construction demand estimated for the sector in 2008 , according to John Keung , CEO of the Building and Construction Authority (BCA) of Singapore .
Each and every sector of a country is undeniably important to make the country a better place .
However , each sector should have priority depending on its level of importance .
The government should think wisely and choose the sector which has more privileges .
In conclusion , government must pay more attention to other important sectors because every sector plays an important role for the sake of the country .
Therefore , The government should not focus too much of their spending on the aged .
Public spending is the government's expenditure on various sectors , which includes funding for the aged , defence , education and health .
Public expenditure is usually funded by taxing the working class .
In most countries , the government funds the elderly population .
Public spending should be limited , as it cannot be used as a long-term solution to help the aged .
Funds should be diverted to other areas of the country's development which are equally , if not more important .
It is the government's responsibility to take care of the people's welfare and support them financially .
Hence , it is only right that there are funds allocated to helping the aged .
Many countries have allocated part of the country's annual budget to helping the older generation .
For example , in Singapore , the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , often works closely with voluntary welfare organisations to provide community-based programmes and residential care for the aged .
This includes elderly homes and activity centres .
However , public spending on the aged should be limited as the people should be self-reliant .
Compulsory savings implemented in certain countries such as Britain , Australia and Singapore help ensure that the people have enough savings to meet their retirement needs .
Britain  introduced a compulsory pension scheme in 2006 where the employees have to contribute 4 percent of their monthly pay while their employers have to contribute 3 percent .
Australia's compulsory superannuation system also prepares the people for their old age .
These saving schemes in different countries would help ensure that the people have a minimum amount of savings after they have retired .
Hence they would most likely be more self-sufficient and public spending on the aged should be limited .
Public spending on the aged is the expenditure by the government covering  health , infrastructure and projects aimed at improving the lives of the elderly .
A large amount of the expenditure used is contributed by government taxation on the working citizens .
The other areas of a country's development include investing in education , military , economy and infrastructure .
Funding for the aged is necessary as there is a growing trend in the ageing population but more importantly resources should be allocated away from just the aged itself to other aspects of the country's development  that will indirectly aid the ageing population .
Furthermore , the money that is spent on the aged ultimately comes from the pocket of the working population .
Hence , more time and effort should be placed on the other areas of the country's development which will in turn reduce the negative effects of an ageing population .
Secondly , it is important for the government to spend on education .
Education should be provided for every person since young because one will become more knowledgeable about the things around him or her .
Better education leads to more job opportunities and increases one's ability to earn more money and think critically .
By having a good education system , more jobs will be created and this in turn leads to development in a country .
Thirdly , we must note that public spending on the aged turns out to be the healthy and the working population who are forking out the money .
If the working population were to pay entirely for the healthcare of the aged , then individuals will not take responsibility to keep themselves self-sufficient and healthy during their old age .
This would not be a fair arrangement .
The individual must be made to be accountable for his or her own health and not rely totally on the public spending by the government .
However , we must note that certain public spending on the aged cannot be compromised and must be put in place by the government in order for the aged to stay healthy and not be a burden to the society .
Instead of spending money on treating the illnesses of the elderly , money should be allocated to promote healthy lifestyle in the elderly .
For example , lessons in gymnasia and fitness centres can be conducted specially for the aged to encourage them to exercise and keep a healthy lifestyle .
In Singapore , we have the Wellness Programme to encourage healthy living through medical check-ups , regular exercise and social networking .
In the matter of medical care , the government should also take responsibility to ensure that doctors remain professionally competent , and that hospitals and polyclinics have the best available facilities .
In addition , the costs for medical care should be subsidised as some treatments can really be expensive and most of the people will not be able to afford them .
Therefore public spending on healthcare and activities to promote healthy lifestyle are still necessary .
All in all , public spending on the aged should be limited because putting more effort and money into other sectors of development will turn out to be a better solution to help ease the negative effects of an ageing population .
However , public spending on certain areas of the aged cannot be compromised because they are necessary to maintain a healthy ageing population .
Therefore it is important to strike a balance on the allocation of public spending in order for the country to develop favourably .
Singapore is facing a fast growth of aging population .
Without immediate actions from both the government and the society , it might create problems for the country and the  elderly  themselves in the future .
Singapore's economy might be in danger due to lack of productivity , and the elderly might find difficulty in coping with the aging process .
Realizing this impending danger , the government has been taking some new directions in economic and social policies .To a large extent , current research and policies have helped to ease aging process .
In economy  , the government has helped older workers to be economically productive by encouraging employers to hire , re-hire , and retain more mature workers .
The older workers themselves are encouraged to grow and develop their skills to meet the companies' standards .
The government also lengthened the retirement age to be 65 years-old instead of 62 years-old .
All procedures of this program are arranged under the new law , Re-employment law , which will come  effect in January 2012 .
It is hoped that the longer the workers work , the more money they can save for their life after retirement .However , some people think that the policy is ineffective .
The Re-employment Law will take into effect in 2012 .
Meanwhile there is an urgent need to protect older workers nowadays since many employers still have the mindset that mature workers have outlived their productivity .
As a result , many older workers are not guarranted to secure their job after 62 years-old at this moment .
Realizing this challenge , the government has encouraged companies which are willing to apply the new policy before 2012 by giving grants to companies and preparing the older worker to be more productive by giving workshops and courses .
In social policy , the government has tried to improve the awareness among the young generation  to care more about the elderly .
The Ministry of Community Development , Youth , and Sports held a Young- Old Forum in Singapore Polytechnics recently .
In this forum , the young generation is expected to spend more time and be more understanding towards the elderly .The government also encouraged the elderly to lead a healhty lifesyle , such as not smoking , consuming a healthy diet , and exercising regularly .
A healthy body  is important because when the eldery are healthy , they will not feel useless or abandoned .
In addition , the governement has also increased its subsidies for day care , nursing home , and hospital to give the elderly a better quality of servies .
Nontheless , some people are concerned about the government's spending on providing various the  subsidies  for the elderly .
Since everything provided by the government is considered as a right of people , the more subsidies for the elderly , the more demand will be created .
Hence , there is a worry that the government will neglect the subsidies to other important sectors , such as education and defence .However , People should not worry about this because increasing subsidies for the elderly can increase the new opportunity for the young generation .
There will be more people hired in hospital , daycare , and nursing home .
It will also stimulate the young generation  to create new products to ease the aging process .
In other words , it creates new business opportunity .
The more business in the country , the richer the country since its economy will grow .
Therefore , the government can increase its tax base and the other fields , such as eduacation and defence , will not be neglected .
Needless to say , the current research and policies are not perfect yet .
However , to a large extent , they have helped the elderly to ease the aging process .
The existence of the new policies for helping the elderly in many fields , such as economy , social , and technology , shows that both the government and society care about the elderly .
This will benefit both the country and the elderly .
In the long run , Singapore  can still keep its global competitiveness level even though it has a big portion of aging population .
The golden generation itself will be happier since they will not feel  useless or abandoned .
Aging issues have gained substantial attention from the public recently .
Along with it , we have also observed a huge increase in public spending for elderly housing , healthcare and retirement welfare .
Every policymaker needs to consider the effects of their proposed policies on this issue thoroughly before implementing .
Based on the possible future benefit brought by various policy options , it is reasonable for us to limit the financial budget for the aged and channel it to other economic perspectives despite the pressing calls for increasing public pensions for the elderly .
Some people argue that limiting public pensions for the aged will bring detrimental effects to their life .
I acknowledge the importance of essential healthcare , housing and retirement living expenses being subsidised by public pensions .
However , limiting public pension does not equal to removing it .
The key concept here is effective management of limited resources to achieve maximum benefit for the aged .
Increase in public spending may not solve the problems thoroughly unless we utilise the funds in appropriate ways .
We still have room to improve  our current welfare system .
If we can modify our system to be more efficient and effective without much increase in the governments' financial budget , we are able to make room for better use of public funds in other important aspects to aid our economic development .
This will in turn bring back more funds for the aged in the future .
As mentioned above , the country's development will determine its future financial capacity to solve various social problems including aging .
Funds pumped into elderly welfare will be exhausted with minor future economic benefits for the entire country .
In contrast , if we channel our funds to other economic activities such as developing infrastructure and tax incentives for entrepreneurships , we are likely to have a good yield for our future economy .
Most developed nations have their population rapidly aging .
Definitely , there will be an increase in public spending on the aged .
However , we should not place our focus in financing the aged .
Instead , the society is able to afford this growing the aging  population only when we can ensure that the growth rate  of our economy is able to match that of aging population .
Thus , economic development is a critical indicator of our capability to deal with the  aging problem  in the future .
Moreover , an aging population also presses heavily on our current working structure and environment .
We must deal with problems such as labour force shortage and low productivity to ensure the sustainable development of our economy before we could proceed to handle the costly expenses such as the healthcare , housing and retirement benefits of the aged .
Governments have wasted significant amount of public pensions on the aged due to inaccurate estimations and inefficient use of funds .
Firstly , they failed to recognise the fact that the daily living expenses of the elderly would be less than that of an  ordinary working person and established the retirement benefits system according to the average personal monthly spending of the working force .
A slight deviation of a few hundred dollars for each individual will sum up to a huge amount for the entire state .
Secondly , most countries do not target the needy people effectively .
Taking an example , the Retirement Insurance Benefits are issued according to the amount of social security payroll taxes paid into the Social Security Trust Fund in the USA .
With less contribution to the fund in their early working days , they will obtain less after they retire .
However , the low income group is the neediest group for retirement benefits and yet the least contributing group to the social security payroll taxes at the same time .
This retirement scheme further worsens the income inequality problem .
It is recommended that governments could conduct various assessments to distribute public pensions to those who really need it .
For example , Australia has implemented means-testing scheme for the Age pension .
The means tests begin to reduce the pension at fixed levels of income and/or wealth and the pension declines linearly to zero as income and/or wealth increases .1
In conclusion , for the future of the country , public spending on the aged should be carefully examined , and more focus should be placed on economic development instead .
We also need to note that it is important not just to cut the budget but also come out with a detailed alternative plan to support the aged .
Careful management of current expenses along  with an expanding economy  will be our only feasible cure to aging problems .
However , there is still an increase in the number of elderly suicide cases despite much psychological help from social groups such as The Singapore Action Group for Elderly and many others .
This is supported by the news report in The Sunday Times on 12 August 2008 which stated an increase in the number of suicide cases of elderly aged 65 and above from 69 cases in 2006 to 87 cases in 2008 .
From the statistics above , it has shown that the current research and development or policies may not be successful in helping the elderly to cope with the aging process such as becoming physically disabled or feeling less worthy  in the society due to loss of working ability .
Hence , the elderly become depressed over the problems they face in the aging process which leads them to commit sucide .
Although there is an increase in the number of elderly committing suicide , it is only a small number of elderly committing suicide in Singapore which represents less than a percent of the total aging population .
The increase of number of suicide cases may also be simply due to the increase in population size .
In general , the current research and development or policies may have helped almost all the elderly to cope with the problems in aging process .
Therefore , the number of elderly suicide cases is not significant .
Currently , there have been many upgrading projects carried out in the older estates where the population  consists of mainly elderly .
In these upgrading projects , there are lifts upgrading to make the lift stop at every floor of the block and paths made even with gentle slopes around the estate .
These improvements in the infrasuture of the older estates make the estates more accessible for the elderly .
This is because in the aging process of the elderly , physical health deterioration is one of the problems they face .
They usually have diffculty travelling around their estate as many of them may have problems climbing stairs and walking on uneven roads .
Some of the elderly  are also wheel chair bound which adds on to the diffculty to travel .
Thus , with the lifts upgade and even paths , they can take  the lifts just outside their doors and move around the estate with no constraint due to unaccessible paths .
This help to solve the problem they face during their aging process , allowing them to travel and socialise without being bound by physical restriction .
The elderly in Singapore are enjoying a better quality of life under the current research and development or policies for them .
The current research and development in technological products and architectural improvement have helped the elderly to cope with the diffculties they may face at old age .
Thus , this eases their aging process through providing them a more comfortable and easier life compared to the past when there was no such research and development or policies available .
A new paradigm shift and various strategies are required to enable the elderly to be more physically independent since much could be done to forestall some of the negative impact of a fast aging population .
According to the National Institute on Aging (NIA) , in the last two decades , the rate of disability among older people has been reduced dramatically .
Progressive research and development have eased the aging population to a great extent by reducing the rate of physical illness and disabilities among them .
Practically , with the recent invention of electric wheelchair , disabled elderly can manoeuvre and are more physically independent .
Electric wheelchairs are extremely useful especially to those elderly who suffer from upper body weakness that prevents them from using a manual wheelchair .
This equipment encourages the golden generation who spend most of their time on the bed or chair to move around with the controls provided eventually brightening up their lives .
Regardless , electric wheelchairs are too expensive for most elderly to afford even though it helps them a lot in terms of independence .
Besides , entrusting an elderly who is not well-versed with technology with such contraptions might be dangerous should accidents happen .
Even so , Medicare has been giving assistance to elderly who need wheelchairs as long as the elderly provides a written prescription from the doctor stating the need for having such wheelchair .
According to the Oxford University Press University Press (2007) most elderly feel satisfied with the use of wheelchairs and even use it for shopping , visiting parks and socialising which proves that it is safe .
Apart from that , the British government policies on human equality , age discrimination and employment have helped the aged improve their lives drastically .
Most elderly face discrimination in employment and training opportunities to develop themselves and earn a living .
With the equality policy being implemented , elderly have the opportunity to be treated fairly especially by the employers .
Thus , they are able to accumulate more wealth and reduce their dependency on their children's monthly support .
Britain even implemented the policy on community service such as better transport link in order to provide the elderly with independent lives .
On the other hand , most employers unwilling to hire the older people as they are not as productive as the younger generation and might cause more liabilities to the company if they claim a large sum of money on their medical purposes .
Furthermore , a better transportation link means more money needs to be allocated by the government to this sector .
Well , improvement on the transportation not only helps the elderly , it also encourages the public to use the public transport which reduces pollution as well as traffic jams and older people are wiser in the sense that they are more experienced compared  to the na ve and impatient younger generation .
It is also not necessary that elderly will claim more money on medical since chronic diseases attack humans without the age barrier .
In the progress of developing mortality in old age , Natural Institute of Aging has done a lot of research to reduce the disabilities and burden suffered by the elderly through studies on the alteration of genes and hormones .
Information from the fields of biochemistry , genetics and physiology has been applied in research to repair tissues and replace injured cells by using stem cells .
Researchers have been furiously expanding their understanding on these pathology changes and identifying the parts of the brain to improve human memory abilities .
At the same time , scientists explore methods to replace dysfunctional cells and develop a protective brain cell into the brain to prevent Alzheimer .
However , these researches do not guarantee that the hormones they produce are useful and it costs a large sum of money to maintain such experiments .
Furthermore , not many people can afford to undergo such gene alter operations .
In spite of that , the government has allocated a large sum of money towards research in the annual budget to encourage new findings on hormones and genetics which could protect aging people in the future .
Subsidies are provided to the elderly to help them with their necessities which indirectly gives them the opportunity to undergo genetic and hormones exchanges .
In conclusion , research and development is the best method to help the elderly survive several conditions that compromise the quality of their health and independence .
Thus , to a large extent , current research and development as well as policies have helped to reduce the effects of aging process in many aspects .
Reference list:
1 .National Institute on Aging Information Center(2009  ,August 06):Can We Prevent Aging ?
from http://go .microsoft .com/fwlink/ ?LinkId=69157 2 .QuinStreet , Inc . 2009 , Aging Parents And Elder Care: Are electric wheelchairs and scooters covered by Medicare ?
From http://www .aging-parents-and-elder-care .com 3 .Age UK 2009 ,Help The Aged We Will: Equality And Rights from http://policy .helptheaged .org .uk/_policy/AgedEquality/_default .htm 4 .Nancy(2009 ,August 28) ,Aging Parents Conversation: Navigating The Maze Of Wheelchair Options from http://agingparentconversations .blogspot .com/2009/08/navigating-maze-of-wheelchair-options .html 5 . ,Peter G . Peterson(2001) , A Graying World , Harvard International Review .23 .3
Nowadays , balancing public spending is a big concern to most of governments since they need to carefully evaluate the most suitable spending areas for short and long-term plans .
Failure to make decisions in government budget will affect whole countries' systems including their economy . . . , education , or environment , etc .
This essay argues that public spending on the aged , one of the most major categories  that have recently invested in , should be limited for developing other countries' important areas , promoting their sustainable growths , and forming people's responsibilities .
Pettinger , T . (2007) .
How to Deal with an Ageing Population Retrieved March 6 , 2007 , from {http://www .economicshelp .org/2007/06/how-to-deal-with-ageing-population .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .economicshelp .org/2007/06/how-to-deal-with-ageing-population .html] .
U .
S Census Bureau .
(2009) .
World Population by Age and Sex .
Retrieved July 13 , 2009 from {http://www .census .gov/idb/worldpopinfo .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .census .gov/idb/worldpopinfo .html] .
Wikipedia .
(2009) .
International comparison: Healthcare spending as % GDP .
Retrieved June 9 , 2009 , from {http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/File:International_Comparison_-_Healthcare_spending_as_%25_GDP .png}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/File:International_Comparison_-_Healthcare_spending_as_%25_GDP .png] .
Secondly , what I want to emphasize is that the governments should only limit the public expense , which does not mean that they totally abandon the aged .
There are still activities carried out to help the elderly such as providing free travel on public transportation in cities or subsidizing old people's homes , etc .
Opponents of this position argue that the elderly should be paid attention with more and more subsidies because they are the predecessors with a lot of commitment to societies .
However , limiting expenditure on the elder enables countries to invest more in another aspects like economy , education , environment or infrastructure .
Then the countries will be stronger and stronger , supporting the aged with large amount of money .
We agree with Chan (2009) , who concluded: " . . ." .
Thirdly , less spending on the aged helps decrease the proportion of dependence rate .
In 2009 , 11% is the percentage of Asia older dependency , which is anticipated to reach 28% in 2040 .
Similarly , the older dependency ratio of Western Europe is projected to increase by approximately 50% from 27% to 53% .
It goes on to reinstate the elder do count more on the state; subsequently , more resources must be diverted into caring for them .
Hence , the government should limit the aged subsidies in order to stimulate their responsibilities .
In addition , requiring people to save money in advance can be the incentives for their independence .
"They should be encouraged or compelled by law to save and invest more of their income earned while they are active in workforce" .
(Peterson , 2009) .
Peterson also adds that governments and policy makers need to take in to careful consideration what is essentially supported by the public sector and what should depend on their own financial capacities .
All in all , every country has to formulate and implement the long-term public spending strategy , which mainly depends on different countries' economic , social and education backgrounds .
And restricting the cost on the aged in order to advance other necessary areas is a difficult decision for them .
Nevertheless , it is a critical and ultimate path to their full development .
BIBLIOGRAPHY
Heng , T . C & Png , M . T . (2003 .
September) .
Singapore's Demographic Trend .
Singapore: Singapore Department of Statistics .
Henry , K . (2004) .
Aging Demographics - The Other Super Secular Trend Retrieved June 24 , 2004 from {http://www .marketthoughts .com/z20040624 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .marketthoughts .com/z20040624 .html] .
Konan , T . H . (2008 .
May 30) .
Lightening our demographic greys .
Asian Geographic , CDTL Brief , 9(2) .
Retrieved March 28 , 2009 , from {http://www .logue .sg/v1/wp-content/uploads/clip2008_asiangeo_asia_aging .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .logue .sg/v1/wp-content/uploads/clip2008_asiangeo_asia_aging .pdf] .
Peterson , P . G . (2001) .
A graying world .
Harvard International Review
"Aging" , the fact that human life expectancy is extending longer and longer whilst the fertility rate is reducing gradually , "is a continuous , complex , and dynamic process that begins with birth and ends with death ."
Aging populations imply there are pressures  on fewer young workers in the workforce who have to support increasing old populations .
Obviously , aging population refers to one of the most difficult challenges that policy makers worldwide are facing currently - how to fund  the elderly in the society .
Although there arecontradictory opinions related to this topic , more and more people agree  that public spending on the aged should be limited based on arguments that other areas such as education need more public financial resources , other social security welfare systems have proven to achieve reasonable successes and old people still can possess independent lifestyles .
In order to avoid the risky consequences of fully-funded social security system foregoing , some countries opt to go with another manner , including Pay-as-you-go system .
Singapore government is among one of the authorities implementing the system via their Central Provident Fund (CPF) Scheme .
CPF requires employees to save for their retirement years whilst they are still working .
Social responsibility stands in the fact that employers also contribute to their employees' saving accounts at the rate of 14 .5% .
However , detractors usually argue that the effect of inflation rate increases costs of living steadily over the time; as a result , old generations who retired in the 80s or 90s are likely to suffer in the current situation where prices are highly inflated .
Therefore , a co-residence model which appears to be a complement factor helps to reduce stresses on public funds .
It works with the logic of letting children take care of their own parents , which is considerably effective under Asian cultures and contexts .
Thus , there is no denying the fact that the good performance in Singapore  is a convincing illustration for limiting public expenses on the elderly and investing in other fields such as education and research .
Adding more strength to ideas of restricting funds for the old generations , many people point out that the word "old" does not link to disability , institutionalization .
Recent researches have shown that only four or five percent of our older friends or relatives are institutionalized at any one time .
In other words , the majority of old populations can live independently .
Moreover , they are capable of obtaining a healthy lifestyle via doing exercises and maintaining proper nutrition plans .
For examples , in 2008 , the Stanford University Medical center team found that elderly joggers are less likely to be killed by diseases like cancer , neurological diseases and infections .
It is to re-confirm that regular exercises provide the elderly with mobile and independent lives , stronger hearts and fewer healthcares required .
Ultimately , it is important to consider specific needs of the elderly rather than distributing funds in general without careful allocation .
By doing that , the remaining public fund would be used more efficiently and effectively in other investment and reinforcement activities and the country would benefit subsequently .
In Singapore today , our median age is 36 years and life expectancy is 80 years .
The median age has significantly increased from 24 years since 1980 , and predicted to reach 54 years within the next 40 years , similar to that of Japan and Italy now .
(Singapore Department of Statistics , 1999 , Lee , 2009) There will be increased burden on the working adult population to provide for the aged dependents , be it healthcare or finances .
This is made worse with the shrinking workforce that we are now experiencing .
However , current research and developments , and polices have effectively help eased the aging process .
This is done through technological advances in medical care , policies to encourage financial independency among the elderly , and adopting a foreign talent policy .
Firstly , recent research and developments have resulted in higher levels of medical care .
For example , new and better treatment methods like open heart surgery or radiotherapy help increase the chances of recovery and decrease time required for recovery from illnesses .
New vaccines and immunizations site are constantly developed to help prevent diseases at an early stage too .
In 2008 , a team of researchers from Wayne State University successfully developed a breast cancer vaccine that is able to treat women with treatment-resistant HER2-positive breast cancer , and prevent cancer from occurring again .
(Evans , 2008) This creates two benefits pertaining to aging population .
One , the population will be generally healthier , with a smaller tendency to fall sick , which otherwise disrupts productivity of the economy and increases the need for medical services and facilities .
Next , by reducing the recovery period for illnesses , people who are ill , especially the elderly population who are more prone to sickness , will require less treatment sessions or usage of hospital facilities and thus incur less medical expenses too .
One may argue that the latest medical treatment methods tend to be very costly and the average elderly in Singapore may not be able to afford them .
This problem is solved with the use of subsides for elderly by the government , to keep medical fees for these new treatment methods within an affordable range .
This would also be just considered as a short term measure , taking into account future medical advances .
More cost efficient methods for the same treatment would be developed which lower treatment costs to a point where only minimal subsides is required .
Secondly , policies to encourage financial independency among the elderly , for instance CPF (Central Provident Fund) , Medishield and the extended retirement age from 60 to 62 years in 1999 .
(Ministry of Manpower , 2006) By increasing the retirement age , it creates a motivating effect on people to work till at later age , so as to enjoy benefits like pensions and government incentives after retirement .
They would also be able to obtain more wealth which they could use to support themselves in old age .
This helps lessen the government's burden to provide for the elderly , and the effects of a shrinking workforce brought by aging population .
Companies would also be able to benefit more from the experience and expertise of their more elder employees .
In addition , elderly workers tend to have lower turnover rates for employment , which is beneficial to the company .
For example Wal-mart , the world's largest public corporation by revenue , actively hires elderly workers for her operations -- close to 20% of Wal- mart's workforce is at least 55 years old .
(Walter , 2006) One may argue that this in a sense forces later retirement , especially for people with insufficient savings to depend on without a job .
However it also emphasizes a greater need to be financially independent and helps create more elderly involvement in the society which contributes to the economy .
Thirdly , foreign talent policy , of which the government embraces , also plays an important role in easing the aging process .
Foreign talents help increase the workforce in the economy , which helps to solve the problem of shrinking workforce brought about by aging population .
Effective use of their expertise also helps create a more productive economy and generate more economic income which could be diverted to helping the elderly population .
More importantly , they create greater diversity and especially vibrancy in the country , of which lack of it is evidently seen in some countries in Europe due to a decreasing proportion of youths brought about by aging population .
A recent study also indicated a 170 percentage increase in Singapore's non-resident workforce over the last decade , from 248 ,000 in 1990 to 670 ,000 in 2006 .
(Yeoh , 2007) One of the most common arguments against the policy would be that the increased competitiveness of employment which results in loss of jobs for the local population , even with the implementation of foreign employment quota ratios by the government .
However , from a different viewpoint , the increased competition results in greater competitiveness of our firms not only within Singapore's economy but globally as well .
This policy would also be vital for Singapore to sustain strong economic growth and competitiveness in the global market in the future .
All in all , current research and development , and policies have been successful in easing the aging process , through advancements in healthcare , encouraging financial interdependency and embracing foreign talent .
In the years to come , we will face greater challenges as we gradually experience the full impact of the aging population , of which new strategies will have to be integrated along with the current ones to meet the changing circumstances that we might face .
According to Administration of Aging (AoA) in America , the figure of the older population which refers to persons 65 years or older is 37 .3 million in 2006 (the latest year for which data is available) and this statistics is anticipated to grow more than double by the year 2030 .Concern about aged has surfaced with such dramatic force and recognition by so many nations .
Aging populations present considerable challenges to serious fiscal consequences for welfare states .
It is important that the publicly-financed health and welfare packages on the older people who tend to be the principal beneficiaries are implemented effectively .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be limited in order to divert the money to other areas of the country's development .
Limiting the public spending on the aged may impose a financial burden on the future generations simultaneously as the main resource for financial support of elderly is family .
Children of the aged have to undertake the higher proportion of expenses especially in the aspect of medical .
on the other hand , Peterson (2001) had suggested that societies with weak extended families high elder poverty and quick-rising of long term care costs should learn from Japan where most elderly people still live with their adult children .
Filial obligation and willingness of grown children to take care of their aged parents are needed indeed .
However , adults nowadays are stressed enough when facing the competitive dynamic world and high living expenses .
S . Banthin  , Cunningham and M . Bernard(2008) said that "financial burdens of health care have increased to the point at which private insurance is no longer able to provide financial protection for an increasing number of families ."
Elderly would suffer more financial hardship if limit the public spending on them especially for those who are single , less educated , less savings or neglected by their own children .
Homelessness , hunger and higher proportion of unmet health care needs could happen on them .
The Centre for Disease Control (CDC) has introduced with their "State of Aging and Health in America"(Year 2007) report with the statistics "88% of those over 65 years of age have at least one chronic health condition" .
It is quite a shocking statistics for elderly diseases .
Aged people may be unable to seek  medical assistance when they suffer from sickness such as heart attack , high blood pressure and etc .
They need to work in order to support themselves .
The elderly who collect old newspaper and soft drink cans along the street can be seen frequently .
Peterson (2001) suggests that  people should be encouraged to plan for their  old age  by saving and investing part of their income earned in their young working life .
For example , Singapore's main retirement's scheme , the Central Provident Fund system , is one of the way of funded retirement saving .
However , high living and medical expenses could make them have not enough funds to support themselves in their old age .
In addition , some of the elderly may spend all their savings for their children education but in vain because they are neglected by their children .
It could be unethical that developing the country in other areas but neglecting the aged .
Elderly has contributed themselves to the society in the past few decades .
It would be considered irresponsible to eliminate their contribution to the society while they are active in the work force .
In the other hand , there are many more important areas to develop in an country include investment , education , basic infrastructure , political issues and so on .
Aged are not the main workforces in furthering the country development .
Peterson (2001) argued than an aging population could bring negative impact to a country include shrinking workforce , long-term stagnation and decline in real GDP .
However , a country should be established based on moral ethics .
The aged should not deprive from public spending due to a lack of social and economic power .
Since most of the young will be old someday , today's children will in time receive the benefits granted to today's elderly , as long as current commitments remain in place .
aging issues are complex and inevitable but not insurmountable .
Flexibility in implementing policies should be maintained when facing unpredictable challenges in the future .
As Friedland and Summer (2005) said , "Reducing the share of public support is merely leaves the individuals and their families responsible for larger proportion and some of the costs are shifting back to the public sector through other means .
"Therefore , wise policy planning in diverting the public spending to all areas of the country's development is more effective instead of limiting the public spending on the aged .
Bibliography Administration on Aging (2009) Aging statistics Retrieved Sept 16 , 2009 from {http://www .aoa .gov/AoARoot/Aging_Statistics/index .aspx}[HYPERLINK: http://www .aoa .gov/AoARoot/Aging_Statistics/index .aspx]
{GiGi Konwin}[HYPERLINK: http://ezinearticles .com/ ?expert=GiGi_Konwin](2008) Shocking Statistics For Elderly Diseases Retrieved Sept 16 , 2009 from {http://EzineArticles .com/ ?expert=GiGi_Konwin}[HYPERLINK: http://ezinearticles .com/ ?expert=GiGi_Konwin]
Jessica S . Banthin , Peter Cunningham and Didem M . Bernard "Financial Burden of Health Care , 2001-2004" (Health Affairs , Jan ./Feb .
2008)
Peter G . Peterson (2001) A Graying World .
Harvard International Review .
Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer (March 2005) Demography Is Not Destiny Revisited .
Center on Aging Society , Georgetown University .
The populations of many countries are rapidly ageing as a result of declining fertility and increasing longevity .
The group of 60 years or over is expected almost to triple , increasing from 673 million in 2005 and 2 billion by 2050 and the share of the elderly is also predicted to rise from 64 percent to nearly 80 percent in 2050 especially in developing countries (Reilly 2007) .
As the aging problems are getting serious nowadays , it should not be  neglected by the society but to face the problem that the elderly may suffer financial hardships in their golden age after they have retired .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be limited in order to help the elderly to overcome the difficulties by providing various financial supports .
The elderly will face financial hardship and an excess of stress in their lives if they have no sufficient money to survive in high price era .
Financial hardship will affect the elderly living condition such as housing condition and food security as the elderly reported that their apartments were always cold in winter and they suffered malnutrition and insufficient food due to financial difficulties .
On the other hand a huge amount of stress which may cause high blood pressure , heart disease and cancer will affect both their emotional and physical health and reduces their ability to live to the full .
However , critics of this point out that most of the elderly may not face any real financial hardship as they should have CPF savings which is sufficient for their old age needs .
In fact , it is very hard to be ensured that the money saved by the elderly for the future needs will definitely be sufficient as there are lot of large unexpected expenditure such as medical fees .
Besides that , if the public spending on the aged is limited it may drastically increase the burden of future generations as they have to undertake so many responsibilities with  limited income .
The burden of responsibility of taking care of their aged parents , taking care of their children , rising cost of living and at the same time worrying about job security makes the future generations live so stressful every day in life in competitive society .
Although stress is so common and has become a part of modern life , but when their lives are full of frustrations and demands , both their body and mind pay the price .
Another argument against this statement is there is not a single doubt in society that filial piety is a value which future generations are taken for granted to uphold and they should undertake their responsibilities to take care of their old parents by financial support .
In contrast , no one would escape from the basic responsibility of taking care of their beloved family if health and financial state permit and public spending play an important role here in order to solve the problem effectively .
The elderly participate and contribute themselves in social development using their professional knowledge , skill , and experience in the types of work which they can engage in within their capacity when they were young .
The elderly have made a valuable contribution to society as they have supported economic activities as consumers , have acted actively as volunteer , have provided financial help for their children and grandchildren .
In the other words , they deserve to be treated with respect and kindness and also receive practical support in the form of money when they face difficulties in their old age but not a burden to society .
For example in Europe , Europeans strongly acknowledge the contribution of the elderly to society and the vast majority of Europeans have a generally positive image of older people and only 14% of them consider the elderly as a burden to society (Brussels , 2009) .
At this point , one may wonder it is true that the elderly contribute all the enthusiasm and time in society when they are working , but they have already received salaries as their rewards and they are supposed to plan and for their old age lives instead of depending on public support .
However , their spirit of creating a better world for future generations cannot be measured by money and unfortunately if they suffer financial hardship we should help them genuinely as they are our pioneers of  the country's  development .
Aging problems affect both developed and developing countries in every part of the world and change the social and economic nature and present difficult challenges that public spending on the aged is increasing .
However , the participation of the elderly in social development is an integral part of country efforts to improve the scientific , literature and quality levels of population and their contribution far more to the community than you could ever imagine .
In conclusion , public spending should not be limited and divert to other areas of the country's development in order to make their old age into golden age .
Aging population  has become the topic for a lot of discussion .
"As early as 1979 , the Institute for Research on Public Policy issued a report which spoke of population aging as an increasingly difficult political problem and a continuing drain upon public resource ."
(Edgar , 1997 , page 4) .
Thus , the old are now commonly assumed as "a burden to society" .
This essay also wants to argue that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted in other areas of the country's development because there are strategies that government can supplement to reduce that burden , and the money invested to other areas could be a big support to society .
First of all , do  the aged as a real "social problem" ?
It is clear that the concepts considering the aged as "social problem" are frequently based on "people's attitudes , perceptions , and assumptions than on actual facts" .
(Egdar , 1997 , page 10) .
The aged will not be viewed as a "social problem" once it is believed that most of the aged are independent  .
However , as in the recession period , old people have difficulty in supporting  their own living expenses , which results in social spending for the aged .
Thus , people often claim that age dependency has become an actual crisis of the society , and government has taken action  to decrease their social welfare expenditure during period of fiscal constraint .
Diverting money to other areas of the country's development does not mean government will take less responsibility to this social problem .
In contrast , it should be thought as one way to help reduce the burden of aging population .
By investing to other areas such as technology , economics , service , health care , etc .
society can developed dramatically , which is in return , contributing back to lessen the burdensome of the country's development .
Hence , elder dependency could be reduced when the elder can support themselves for their own daily expense .
For instance , in Singapore , young working people who are dynamic , active , creative can take a role as main contributors to the country's budget , while the elder can work in food court or any service jobs .
That is a good classification of  labour in the society that take good advantage of the scarce labor force .
Moreover , by doing so , the elderly can earn for their living , have a savings for future need on health care , and have less dependency on their younger generation .
In conclusion , this essay shows a favorable view of social spending on the aged should be limited , and money can be diverted to other areas of the development of the country .
Although it is a controversial issue to talk about aging population and its burden to the society , this essay indicates alternatives the government can do besides spending too much on the aged to adapt to the challenge for the future , which is "to ensure that people everywhere will be enabled to age with security and dignity and continue to participate in their societies as citizens with full rights" .
(Population Division - United Nations , 2001 , Conclusion page 34)
Countries with a fast aging population now are confronted with problems like a shrinking productivity and a heavy financial burden to support the welfare program for the elderly .
Fortunately , the good news is that to a large extent , current research and development (R&D) , and government policies have taken action to help ease the aging process .
Before going into further investigation , it is important to bear this in mind that aging process is not as simple as longevity , but associated with one's ability to contribute to the society and participate in various social activities .
To narrow down the topic , this essay is mainly to test current R&D , as well as government policies in China dealing with the aging process .
Opponents may say current clinical R&D causes an increase in longevity , which substantially raises the average age of the population .
This is true , but as mentioned , aging process does not simply mean longevity .
Clinical R&D continuously introduce people to healthier living styles , bring in more efficacious , safer and cheaper medical treatments , which allows people to look young and stay healthy so that they are still able to work actively in middle or even old age .
Furthermore , Chinese government pursues the policy of fundamental medical insurance system for urban residents .
The system gives out subsidies to refund people's medical expenditure , aiming to improve health standard .
According to official statistics , the prevalence rate of the elderly people above the age of 65 has steadily decline from 60 .2% in 1994 to 48 .4% in 2009 .
Thanks to the clinical R&D and government policies , more and more elderly are able to keep healthy , so that they can continuously contribute to the society and also participate in social activities .
In this manner , the aging process is eased .
Hao , Yan (1997) Old-age support and care in China in the early 1990s .
Asia Pacific Viewpoint , 38 (3) , 201-217 .
Hutzler , Charles; Chang , Leslie T . (2004) .
China Weighs Easing Its Harsh 'One Child' Rule .
Wall Street Journal - Eastern Edition , 244 (66) , A1-A8 .
Junquan , Yang (2005) .
Research on the countermeasure of the problem of population aging in China .
Journal of Jinzhou Medical College (social science edition) , 3 (2) , 1-4 .
National Bureau of Statistics of China , 1994 ,2008 ,2009 sourcebook of federal census statistics , from http://www .stats .gov .cn/tjsj/ .
Most people agree that the 21st century is a period when everything changes in an unprecedented high-speed .
Along with the development of technology , it's often questioned that the knowledge an elderly has is out-of-date , and may no longer be suitable in today's workplace .
To cope with it , the  government has made and implemented several policies like building  colleges of continuing education for the aged .
More and more skill competitions are conducted , aiming to motivating the elderly to reacquire new knowledge , as well as reforming social attitudes towards the elderly .
Recognizing the needs from continuing education , current educational R&D in China have designed and published special textbooks and guidelines to facilitate continuing education of the elderly .
Furthermore , some elderly advisory committees have been established in schools , communities , corporate , and government .
The various advisory committees stand out as a platform for the elderly to share their rich experience , which sometimes is quite precious to the young generation .
To sum up , the working barrier of the elderly has been lower and they have found different ways to enrich their lives and contribute to society .
One child policy is often a debatable topic .
It's widely acknowledged that aging population is mainly due to the low fertility rate .
Hence some criticize the one-child policy intensify the aging process in China .
However , some unique characteristics of Chinese society should be taken in to consideration .
China has the largest population in the world .
The census of the population in 2008 shown the fertility rate was positive 5 .2 , or 8 million per year .
In other words , the population kept growing in a large number , which was different with those countries with low or even negative fertility rates like Australia , and some other European countries .
By controlling the size of population , one child policy indirectly shifts the governmental funds from the young to the elderly , so that the government has more flexible budget to help the elderly .
In this manner , the one-child policy helps to ease the aging process as well .
The aging population is an inevitable trend along with social and economical developments .
China is the only developing country among the countries facing aging population , which brings about more serious problems .
Fortunately , current R&D and policies in China are in the right direction , and have significantly helped to ease the aging process .
Bibliography
Chi , Lo (2006) .
China's Aging Problem .
International Economy , 20 (4) , 38-63 .
China Population & Development Research Center , 1994 , 2008 , 2009 sourcebook of healthcare census statistics , from http://www .stats .gov .cn/tjsj/ .
Cook , Ian G .; Dummer , Trevor J .B . (2004) .
Changing health in China: re-evaluating the epidemiological transition model .
Health Policy Journal , 67 (3) , 315-329 .
Gabriel , S . J .
(2005) .
Choice Aging China: the demographic challenge to China's economic prospects .
Current Reviews for Academic Libraries , 43 (1) , 151-157 .
As societies continue to develop , the problem of aging seems to be inevitable .
Issues such as high elderly dependency ratio , shrinking workforce and increasing healthcare problems , which resulted from an aging population , are apparent in many countries  .
In response to the aging process , policy makers have introduced sophisticated policies to ease the situation .
However , they are also aware that devising a policy to eliminate this trend is close to impossible in the short run as the two main sources of the aging problem--- higher live expectancy and lower birth rate (United Nation , 2002)--- are unable to be affected by any policy .
Fortunately , much can be done as current research and development/policies have shown hope of easing the aging process by dealing with the consequences directly , instead  of the sources .
One of the problems arising from an aging population is the increase in the elderly dependency ratio .
The growth of elderly dependency ratio signifies a state where an escalating numbers of beneficiaries of health and pension funds are sustained by a relatively smaller number of contributors (United Nation , 2002) .
By  requiring citizens to provide in advance for their own old-age dependency , policy makers were able to ease the above mentioned situation .
Some  countries such as Australia , Britain , Chile and Singapore have gained much through encouraging their citizens and establishing means of law to convince citizens to save and invest a portion of their income earned , while they are still in the workforce (Peterson , 2001) .
Unfortunately , a fraction of citizens still feels that the government should not intervene with the way they spend or save their income .
After all they believe that they have every right to the money they earned .
However they need to understand that compulsory saving and investment are comparatively safer and more reliable than other market options .
Furthermore , not many individuals have the discipline to maintain a healthy bank balance given the materialistic world of today .
Thus , compulsory saving can help guarantee a sizable amount of saving for their future and is a practical and effective way to ensure old age dependency is being kept to the minimum .
A shrinking workforce is another problem arising from an aging population .
The human resources of many developed countries are predicted to shrink as a hefty portion of the workforce is edging towards retirement .
The resulting situation is an increased amount of stress falling onto the shoulders of the remaining working adults as they struggled to provide for their older counterpart .
In an attempt to ease the shrinking workforce , governments are attempting to utilize all available resources to the fullest .
For example , retirement age is often being raise to encourage elder workers to retire later and to accumulate more wealth to support themselves when they eventually retire (Peterson , 2001) .
The solution inevitably invited criticism as many found themselves being victims of ageism , a situation where younger workers are preferred over retaining or hiring the older ones .
However , the situation is improving for some countries such as Singapore .
Over the years more and more elderly are being retained or employed as a result of increased median of education among the elderly and higher live expectancy (Singapore Department of Statistics , 2009) .
This gives much hope to the elderly  as they are still employable and the problem of dependency on the shrinking workforce can be lessened .
Another major issue caused by the aging population is the increasing healthcare problem associated with the elderly .
Governments all around the world has to make provision for improved healthcare as the live expectancies of their citizens and medical technologies are improving by the years .
Adding on to the misery , the cost associated with healthcare is also growing with the combined effect of a rising standard of living and the high cost of advanced medical development .
Fortunately , policies are introduced to minimize such unavoidable cost associated with aging .
For example in Singapore , a compulsory saving program is put in place to allow elderly to save in advance during their working years and set aside money for healthcare in the future (Singapore Ministry of Health , 2007) .
Such a policy can give security to the elderly if they find themselves trapped in the high cost of healthcare .
Bibliography
Peter G . Peterson (2001) .
A Graying World .Harvard International Review .
23 .
3 (Fall 2001): 66
"The speed of aging is crucial to understand because it is during the period of the fastest change when adjustments will be the most difficult ," said Warren Sanderson (2008) , Professor and Co-Chairman of the Department of Economics , Stony Brook University .
In fact , leaders and policymakers ,  particularly from the developed countries have proactively implemented a series of researches and policies in an effort to confront this unprecedented phenomenon .
In this context , current development has gradually helped to ease the aging process .
Aging-related problem is no longer an imminent issue that concerns a particular region but is  disquieted and discussed in every country all over the world .
For instance , Germany is currently facing an acute problem of aging in Europe and this prompted the government to generate flexible jobs for the elderly and discourage early retirement by cutting the pension entitlement by 3 .6 percent for each year spent in retirement before the age of 65 .
In a nutshell , current development on policy reforms and researches has been carried out simultaneously over the past decades to help cope with both societal and physical impact of the aging issue .
Healthcare issue has to be taken into consideration because the elderly are prone to suffer from  chronic diseases as they grow older .
As a result , government has begun providing adequate medical incentives and healthcare insurance coverage to cater for the elderly .
Furthermore , advances in healthcare quality can be attributed to new medical technologies and diagnostic tools .
For example , since the mid 90's , the common usage of wire mesh stents for treatment of artery blockages are partly  .
However , spending more on new medical devices does not always equate to better health conditions .
In addition , increased spending on new medical technologies may restrict society's ability to expand healthcare coverage to more elderly people .
Nonetheless , if the spending on healthcare is limited , the burden will fall increasingly on low-income individuals as well as their families .
Yet , policy makers and healthcare systems must seek a moderate measurement and use the best information available to evaluate cost-effectiveness and assess the economic returns of new treatments .
It is imperative for public and private sectors to optimize health status by offering preventive healthcare services across the population within a given level of outlay .
The elderly are encouraged to work longer and contribute to the growth of economy , thereby reducing elder dependency of fiscal cost .
Later retirement not only secures a better pension entitlement for the future , but also provide a direct mean of allowing people to  supplement their income in later life; and thus helping them to maintain their standard of living during retirement .
Singapore , for example , has an official retirement age of 62 , but employers are now required to offer re-employment for an additional three years .
Therefore , providing opportunities for prolonged working age can essentially alleviate labor shortages and help bolster personal retirement savings .
However , older workers are usually less productive than imported foreign talents  , though employers may compromise on a small portion of existing aged employees .
If employers have the flexibility to hire older employees on a part-time basis ,  , they will be much less reluctant to hire and retain older workers .
Alternatively , the government should encourage employment of the elderly by offering privileges and incentives to private sectors .
On top of that , policies that create economic security for the elderly and remove barriers faced by them should always be a priority in  .
Governments and policymakers have largely undertaken to build a basic , nationwide infrastructure  which  .
Current development in communities has created convenience to meet the needs of the elderly , such as barrier-free facilities , security systems , housing , transportation , and so on .
These physical community's assets help to provide elderly a good quality of life and  in the long run .
, governments aim to get all the elderly in communities fully engaged in social activities and involved  in lifelong learning .
Yet , some elderly are still facing the problem of being left out or discriminated because of their old age .
Societies are responsible for upholding values such as filial piety  , to encourage people to look after their elderly parents . .
In  other words , it is the responsibility of the public to protect elderly rights .
.
In order to ease the current predicament , governments have to emphasize on the distribution of their budgets or  reallocate funds to reduce the cost of public spending .
This will compel agencies to change the way they service , especially to the elderly .
On the other hand , it is plausible to reward families for having children and encourage more young people to work .
The drastic rise in numbers among the elderly will force policymakers and governments to anticipate the resultant demand for healthcare and a host of related infrastructural needs .
The future elderly will be more professional and better educated than the current cohorts in many countries .
It means that they are likely to be more effective and decisive in possessing their gains and evaluating on costly or sophisticated services .
Thus , decision-makers must carry on fashioning programs to further ease the aging process  without getting them locked into policies and approaches that may not be suitable for the changing composition of tomorrow's elderly .
Report from a private organization , available on organization website:
Rosamund McDougall .
(n .d) .
Ageing populations and hidden unemployment .
Retrieved September 20 , 2009 , from http://www .optimumpopulation .org/opt .more .ageing .html
Bibliography
Internet sources:
Dr .Richard Murnane .
(2001 , march-april) .
Evaluating Educational Investments .
Retrieved September 20 , 2009 , from http://info .worldbank .org/etools/docs/library/94815/Evaluating%20Educational%20Investment .pdf
ISTED institute .
(2004 , October) .
The ministry for infrastructure is playing an active role .
Retrieved September 19 , 2009 , from http://www .isted .com/periodiques/lettre/lettre_pdf/lettra32 .pdf
The healthcare foundation of New Jersey .
(2003 , February) .POPULATION AGING IS A WORLDWIDE PROBLEM - IT HAS MANY POTENTIAL CONSEQUENCES AND IT COULD GET A LOT WORSE .
Retrieved September 20 , 2009 , from http://healthfullife .umdnj .edu/archives/age_archive .htm
.
R&D and  ;  .
Beattie  states that there are already policies in place for people to support themselves in their old age , such as the pension systems , provident funds , social insurance and saving schemes .
.
Due to unpredictable economic growths ,  policy purchasers yearn for better benefits  .
.
This is evident in the context of Asia .
Beattie , R . (1998) .
Pension systems and prospects in Asia and the Pacific .
International Social Security Review; Jul98 , Vol .
51 Issue 3 , p63 , 25p .
Retrieved from {http://libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login ?url=http://search .ebscohost .com .libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login .aspx ?direct=true&db=buh&AN=3253709&site=ehost-live}[HYPERLINK: http://libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login ?url=http://search .ebscohost .com .libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login .aspx ?direct=true&db=buh&AN=3253709&site=ehost-live]
Ghilarducci , T . (2009)  .If this isn't the Time for a Guaranteed Retirement Account , When Is It .
Journal of Pension Benefits: Issues in Administration; Spring209 , Vol .
16 Issue 3 , p21-28 , 8p , 1 chart .
Retrieved from {http://libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login ?url=http://search .ebscohost .com .libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login .aspx ?direct=true&db=buh&AN=37245022&site=ehost-live}[HYPERLINK: http://libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login ?url=http://search .ebscohost .com .libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login .aspx ?direct=true&db=buh&AN=37245022&site=ehost-live]
Central Provident Fund Board .
[2009] .
Overview .
Retrieved from {http://mycpf .cpf .gov .sg/CPF/About-Us/Intro/Intro .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://mycpf .cpf .gov .sg/CPF/About-Us/Intro/Intro .htm]
Leeson , G . [2009] .
9 in 10 Singaporeans do not feel well prepared for retirement .
Oxford Institute of Aging .
Video posted to {http://www .channelnewsasia .com/video}[HYPERLINK: http://www .channelnewsasia .com/video]
Schoeni , R . F . , Freedman , V . A . , Martin , L . G . [2008] .
Why is late-life disability declining .
Milbank Quarterly , Vol .
86 Issue 1 , p47-89 , 43p , 4 charts , 1 diagram , 4 graphs .
Retrieved from {http://libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login ?url=http://search .ebscohost .com .libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login .aspx ?direct=true&db=buh&AN=30101337&site=ehost-live}[HYPERLINK: http://libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login ?url=http://search .ebscohost .com .libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login .aspx ?direct=true&db=buh&AN=30101337&site=ehost-live]
Peace Connect Neighborhood Link .
[2007] .
Retrieved from {http://www .pcnl .org/index .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .pcnl .org/index .html]
Malul , M . [2009] .
Older workers' employment in dynamic technology changes .
Journal of Socio-Economics , Vol .
38 Issue 5 , p809-813 , 5p; DOI: 10 .1016/j .socec .2009 .05 .005; (AN 43768525) .
Retrieved from {http://libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login ?url=http://search .ebscohost .com .libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login .aspx ?direct=true&db=buh&AN=43768525&site=ehost-live}[HYPERLINK: http://libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login ?url=http://search .ebscohost .com .libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login .aspx ?direct=true&db=buh&AN=43768525&site=ehost-live]
Sheiner , L . [2007] .
The effects of technology on the age distribution of health spending: a cross-country perspective .
Public Finance & Management , Vol .
7 Issue 1 , p44-72 , 29p , 3 charts , 6 graphs; (AN 24275191) .
Retrieved from {http://libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login ?url=http://search .ebscohost .com .libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login .aspx ?direct=true&db=buh&AN=24275191&site=ehost-live}[HYPERLINK: http://libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login ?url=http://search .ebscohost .com .libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login .aspx ?direct=true&db=buh&AN=24275191&site=ehost-live]
Economist .
[2006] .
How to manage an ageing workforce .
2/18/2006 , Vol .
378 Issue 8465 , p11-11 , 1p , 1 bw .
Retrieved from {http://libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login ?url=http://search .ebscohost .com .libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login .aspx ?direct=true&db=buh&AN=19819649&site=ehost-live}[HYPERLINK: http://libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login ?url=http://search .ebscohost .com .libproxy1 .nus .edu .sg/login .aspx ?direct=true&db=buh&AN=19819649&site=ehost-live]
According to Ghilarducci  and the Employee Benefits Research Institute , people are stressed by the changing economic growth and anxious  .
.
In Singapore , the Central Provident Fund Board (CPF Board) is a saving scheme that covers  working Singaporeans with a list of welfare benefits and offers a sense of security for their old age .
Also , the CPF Board reminds Singaporeans to save and stretch every dollar whenever possible so as to  have  comfortable lives after retirement in the future .
From the highlights of Channel NewsAsia [2009] , there are many countries with a  .
Some of these countries include Japan and Singapore , with the rate of the elderly population increasing rapidly and surpassing the younger population in the near future .
In view of this demographic , countries like Japan and Singapore have been establishing ways to curb the aging population .
In Japan , the government has  a policy of offering incentives to families with small children so as to increase birth rates and build up a new family .
In Singapore , there is the reemployment legislation in 2012 where employers are advised to retain the elderly as the demand for their skills are needed .
In the meantime , Singaporeans are told to save early with the easy access of financial schemes and saving programs offered .
In addition , the technological invention segment has played a part in easing the aging process .
As Schoeni , Freedman and Martin  suggests , the R&D segment has been expanding rapidly .
With the the advancement of medical technologies , illnesses such as cardiovascular and cataract diseases have lesser occurrence .
Medical technologies are still advancing and treatments are being catered to a wide array of medical fields .
Some of which include the knee and joint replacements , treatments for arthritis and rheumatism , and vision impairment , diabetic and stem cell research .
However , the presence of R&D does come with a hefty price tag .
Medical expenses are costly and patients , especially , the elderly need to seek for welfare assistance when necessary .
Sadly , for the elderly who do not seek medical attention , they either suffer bitterly or are possibly cared for by organizations like Peace Connect Neighborhood Link in Singapore .
Countries like the United States and Singapore are insured with Medicare and Medishield respectively .
We are insured despite  the high medical expenses  of new inventions in the medical fields .
, an advance health security cycle as we reach our retirement age  .
Moreover , with the growing number of well-educated people around , there is a high probability that people will purchase private insurance to care for their own well-being .
, the policies that each country provides and the current R&D have assisted and benefited the aging process in today's society .
.
Reference List
Longevity has always been believed as a blessing , especially in Asia , since old days .
Chinese emperor even sent people , which in turn become the founder of Japan , to search for elixir of life that was believed to make anyone who drinks it live eternally .
We can also see that up until now , people are still wishing for health and long age .
Sadly , this creates a downturn in many developed countries .
Fast aging population has taken the spotlight of a world crisis and many governments are increasing their spending for this group as the aging population keep increasing .
For example , in 2008 , Singapore Government introduced new incentive called LIFE Bonus and provided tax relief for Central Provident Fund (CPF) members (Central Provident Fund Board , 2008) .
More portion of national budget may later be allocated to the incentives for the old .
However , the increase of public spending on the elderly may not effective as it can be diverted to other sectors that need it .
Secondly , young generation also plays an important part ithe economyuture of a country itself , but many of fthe global orld countries have low birth rate and keep decreasing .
Past stuare closinghdown , 2001) showed are goingSintogapore's population growth is very minifelland even had reacthe recession the 1986 due to the past government poInnd high education cost .
Now , the Singapore government is trying to raising the popushould allocate their budget better through Children Deoeconomiesccount (CDA) and building cheap and easily accessible child care centre for working parents .
But since the liwhich will in turnpore has been so higforthat it is even called as the 10th most expensive city (Hoe , 2009) , government may consider increasing incentives to increase the population of new generation therefore , increasing the total number of work force and reducing the percentage of total aging population .
In the future it may also reduce the number of single elderly that in turn will provide them family that will take care of them .
the government may increase the total number of people in the workforce and reduce .
Therefore , the number of incentivesthe governmentcity in the worldIn this pathe youngerducation is also important as it shape future leaders for the nationby determining its future birth ratesork force that should boost the nation in every sector .
Education also plminimalrole had even reachedtudentsharacter and al to prevent thepolicies on birth control neglecting their elderly parents when they become adults .
A good to raisend moral eaSion should probably increase the quality the Childrenporeans both in terms of working capabilities and also filial piety .
Providing a qualified and affordable education shoulcost of livingn government consideration on allocating bts .
D . Harman (1981) defines the aging process as  progressive changes in terms of the social , psychological and physical  over time  .
These changes are linked with increasing vulnerability to death or disease . . Today , most  Asian countries like Japan and Singapore are experiencing "population aging" , as defined to be an increase in the number of oldsters in the society (Wikipedia) .
This essay refers "oldsters" as people who are 55 years old and above .
The aging population has many problems such as over-dependency on the younger generation ,  as well as the increase in  national budget on health care .
Besides that , Teo et al (2004) suggested that another problem is  gerontological issues , such as the responses of society towards them .
These problems are significantly critical and they attract the attention of governments and policy makers .
Therefore ,  current developments , researches and policies are implemented to ease the aging process , and  they are highly effective .
Increasing the retirement age that has been implemented by the Singapore government helps in easing the ageing process .
By increasing the age , the oldsters who are below the retirement age of 62 , are able to enjoy  under the retirement age act .
It is stated in the act that says "employee who is unfairly dismissed can sue the employer under the common law and write to Ministry of Manpower (MOM) within a month to reinstate his job ."
(EnterpriseOne , 2006) Most importantly , the oldsters are able to earn their own monthly living expenses , which will reduce the burden on their children .
In addition ,  encourages the oldsters to be more active and to contribute to the society .
Some oldsters are  experienced in their fields of work  .
Thus , they contribute to  society by staying at their work place to teach the younger generations their skills .
However , the jobs offered to the oldsters are very limited and they are not able to take up any jobs due to their low educational level and lack of capabilities .
Due to the government's policy of bringing in foreign talents , the job vacancies for the elderly are limited as the foreigners may have occupied most of them .
Ministry of Manpower .
(2006) .
The Retirement Age Act .
Retrieved Sept 18 , 2009 , from http://www .mom .gov .sg/publish/momportal/en/communities/workplace_standards/employment_standards/The_Retirement_Age_Act .html#wbr
Harman , D . (1981) .
Medical Sciences .
In M . Calvin (Ed .
) , The Aging Process (Vol .
78 , pp .
7124-7128) .
Nebraska , USA: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Retrieved Sept . 16 , 2009 from http://www .pnas .org/content/78/11/7124 .full .pdf+html
Peterson , P . G . (Fall 2001) .
A Graying World .
Harvard International Review , Vol .
23 , pp .
66
EntrepriseOne .
(2006) .
Hiring & Training .
Retrieved Sept 18 , 2009 , from http://www .business .gov .sg/EN/BusinessTopic/HiringNTraining/EmployersResponsibilities/LawsNRegulations/hiring_laws_retireact .htm
Teo , P . , Yeoh , S . A . , Ooi , G . L . , & Lai , P . Y .
(2004) .
Changing Landscapes of Singapore .
In Neglected Landscape (pp .
181-195) .
Singapore: McGraw-Hill Education (Asia) .
Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia , (2002 , Mar .
31) .
Aging Process .
Retrieved Sept . 16 , 2009 , from {http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Aging_process}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Aging_process]
In conclusion , the Singapore government has implemented policies and development that are relatively effective in easing the aging process .
However , there are still some areas that required their attention such as the 2 sub-groups , namely the older single womenand the elderly who have never saved during their younger days .
In terms of all the policies and developments mentioned above , especially  the workfare scheme , the government should increase the net payout amount (cash) and reduce the percentage contributing to the CPF .
As for the increasing retirement age , the government should encourage more voluntary organizations  For the CPF contribution , the government might set up a regulation that requires individuals who reach a certain age to start working and contributing to their CPF .
This policy might come in handy in future .
Bibliography
Central Provident Fund Board .
(1955) .
CPF Contribution .
Retrieved Sept 19 , 2009 , from http://mycpf .cpf .gov .sg/Members/Gen-Info/Con-Rates/ContriRa .htm
Central Provident Fund Board .
(1955) .
Workfare Income Supplement Scheme .
Retrieved Sept 19 , 2009 , from http://mycpf .cpf .gov .sg/Members/Gen-Info/WIS/WIS_Scheme .htm
Central Provident Fund Board .
(1955) .
WIS Payout .
Retrieved Sept 19 , 2009 , from http://ask-us .cpf .gov .sg/Home/Hybrid/themes/CPF/Uploads/GovtPayouts/WIS_Payout .pdf
Friedland , R . B . and Summer , L . (2005) .
Demography Is Not Destiny , Revisited .
Georgetown University: National Academy on Ageing Society .
In many developed countries , the aging population is rising and Singapore is no exception .
The first batch of baby boomers (babies who are born between 1947 and 1964) will reach the age of 65 in the year 2012 (Committee of Aging , 2006) .
By 2030 , the number of elderly will reach 18 .7% ,  which means for every 5 residents , there will be a senior among them (Singapore Department of Statistics , 2005) .
Thus , the government has come out with policies and has invested in research and development to help ease the aging process .
Policies like raising the retirement age and baby bonus scheme are introduced .
Health care system has been improved through research and development to create a better living environment for the elderly .
In conclusion , a fast aging population is a critical issue in Singapore .
It has to be tackled through a holistic approach which needs the involvement of the government , community agencies and private sectors .
Many policies have been implemented and research and development have been improved in the last several  , though more remained  to be done .
With all the efforts put in by the public , the government and the people , Singapore will continue to strive for the status of being a  .
Firstly ,  current government policies are not easing the ageing process because they are limited to a specified group of the aged population .
The current policies in place are definitely planned to benefit a large portion of the target group .
However , it must be recognized that these polices have their limitations and they have left out a significant portion of the aged in the lurch .
For example , the Central Provident Fund Scheme (CPF) .
is only applicable and beneficial to the sector of people who had , or are having employment (Ministry of Manpower [MOM] , 2007) .
The CPF scheme is broken down into three portions , namely the Ordinary account , the Special account and the Medisave account (MOM , 2007) .
Thus , people who do not have any employment will not have any money  for their retirement and healthcare .
Also , the Parents Maintenance Act is only relevant to the elderly who have children (Attorney-General's Chamber of Singapore [ACG] , 1996) .
As a result , those without children will  fall outside this umbrella  .
On the other hand , critics might argue that policies are never able to shield the entire spectrum of its target audience .
However , it must be noted that new policies must then be formulated to benefit those who are less fortunate .
For example , the government could topup the Medisave accounts of the less fortunate elder Singaporeans when there are budgetary surpluses to ensure that seniors have the capacity to afford healthcare services (MYCS , 2001)
* Ministry of Health .
(2007) .
Strengthening mental health care in the community .
Retrieved September 20 , 2007 , from http://www .moh .gov .sg/mohcorp/pressreleases .aspx ?id=17370
* Ministry of Manpower .
(2007) .
CPF .
Retrieved October 12 , 2007 , from http://www .mom .gov .sg/publish/momportal/en/communities/others/income_security/cpf .html
* Suriah A R , Chong T J , Yeoh B Y .
(2008) .
Singapore Medical Journal .
Retrieved August 15 , 2008 , from http://www .sma .org .sg/smj/3908/articles/3908a2 .html
Finally , the current policies have not helped to ease the ageing process because they are not holistic .
The government has not developed sufficient programmes to cater to the psychological needs of the aged .
In some recent efforts , the government pumped in $88 million to build a mentally resilient society of which its results that can only be realized in five years (Ministry of Health [MOH] , 2007) .
In comparison , the average American considers the notion of "old" to be effective only when they reach the age of 65 years old .
However , in Singapore , the word "old" is tossed around freely in conversations of people aged above 60 , who are also known as the senior citizens of Singapore .
The reason why the Americans classify "oldness" to be above 65 years old is due to the fact that they strongly believe that they still can contribute to society after retirement and thus they continue to embark on meaningful roles .
On the other side of the coin , opponents will argue that the government cannot be responsible for every aspect of the issue .
However , we should recognize that the Singapore Government has a strong influence on its people and thus should create leverage on this strength .
Hence , the Singapore Government should invest more in programmes to cater to the mental aspect of the elderly so that the elderly can proceed to commit themselves to important and useful roles in society after retirement .
In conclusion , the current government policies are confined , ineffectual and incomprehensive .
Since the problems that tagged along with an ageing population is imminent , much more should have been done by the Singapore Government to wrestle with the difficulties associated with the ageing process .
If more effective policies are formulated and implemented , they will indirectly lower the burden imposed on the younger population and society as a whole .
Only then , Singapore will be a successful "civilization" .
Reference list
* Attorney-General's Chamber of Singapore .
(1996) .
Maintenance of Parents Act .
Retrieved March 2 , 1996 , from http://statutes .agc .gov .sg/non_version/cgi- bin/cgi_retrieve .pl ?actno=REVED-167B&doctitle=MAINTENANCE+OF+PARENTS+ACT%0A&date=latest&method=part
* Buck , Pearl S . (1999) Retrieved from http://www .brainyquote .com/quotes/quotes/p/pearlsbuc150253 .html
* Lee Hsein Loong .
(2009) .
AARP-COUNCIL FOR THIRD AGE CONFERENCE: REINVENTING RETIREMENT ASIA .
Retrived January 8 , 2009 from http://www .pmo .gov .sg/News/Speeches/Prime+Minister/PM+on+re-employment+of+older+workers .htm
* Ministry of Communication Development , Youth and Sports .
(2001) .
Successful Aging .
Retrieved January 2 , 2001 , from http://www .mcys .gov .sg/successful_ageing/report/Executive%20Summary .pdf
In 2009 , the median age of Singaporeans was 36 years .
By 2050 , the same figure is expected to increase to 54 years (Lee , 2009) , as a result of lower birth fertility and higher life expectancies .
The predicament of an aging population plagues not only Singapore , but also different countries , ranging from the richer and developed nations , such as Japan and Italy , to the relatively poorer and developing nations like China ( , 2009) , especially as a result of the one-child policy .
While the issues of an aging population are relevant and dynamic , it must be noted that countries at different stages of development will place emphasis on different developmental goals and adapt policies that caters to the needs of the nation .
This paper , henceforth , aims to discuss the impact of resources allocation in the context of developed nations , countries with stable economic basis and decent standards in the various aspects pertaining to a nation's progress , such as infrastructures and amenities .
Therefore , there is no heavy emphasis on developing the economic , educational and political systems .
Some may point to the fact that providing for the aged drains a nation of its resources and reduces resources for future generations , but the whole idea is fundamentally flawed .
As a fellow human being , compassion for others necessitates to care for them .
As the younger generation , ethics bound to provide for them .
As a country progressing towards a gracious society and thus development , rationality leads towards addressing these aging issues .
With that said , it is important to address the need of an aging population and not be overly concerned with the fiscal costs of an aging population .
(Friedland and Summer , 2005)
Critics of this position argue that the burden of the fiscal and economic costs associated with an aging population is so large and substantial that it is unsustainable , and therefore , should be limited .
(Peterson , 2001) Indeed , the funding allocated to the aging population will place a heavier burden on the shrinking workforce .
Tax increase is likely to significantly increase over the next two decades , affecting a firm's labour costs and indirectly , consumers' income .
(Clark , Ogawa & Mason , 2007) Although the fall in productivity labour force is likely to influence economic growth as well , there are other means a firm can employ to stay competitive and sustain or even increase productivity .
These may include researching and developing better methodologies or exploiting greater economic of scales , eventually sustaining the fiscal policies associated with an aging population .
Countries are also raising the retirement age .
For example , Japan expects to raise the retirement age to 65 by 2013 .
(Gross & Minot , 2008) This implies that older people are still able to contribute to the workforce .
It also indicates that medical advances has helped people stay healthy , meaning to say that healthcare costs for the aged may not end up being astronomical .
On the contrary , if issues related to the aging population are not dealt with appropriately , the social impact on a nation's development may be hindered .
Every individual should have compassion for a fellow human being to care and provide for the aged .
The amount of public spending should not be an object .
The elderly population is still part of mankind , part of the society and part of the nation .
It is a gracious society to care for who are unable to provide for themselves .
Sights of a forsaken aged population are heart wrenching and affects the manner external parties , for example , trading partners , view the nation .
Furthermore , an established welfare system will reflect the societal values that are attributes of a first class nation .
Hence , in order to ensure that the aged are adequately provided for , that the nation will be able to develop the nation as a gracious society , public spending in these areas must be sufficient .
Furthermore , the younger generation has to fulfil a moral obligation towards the older generation , and capping public spending limits their abilities to do so .
It is important to sufficiently provide for the older generation , for they were the ones who toiled and contributed to shape the progress of the nation today .
Therefore , it is only ethical that their efforts are reciprocated .
One exemplary example is the samsui women .
They were the ones who had toiled in the sun to build the infrastructure during Singapore's early developing days .
They are older single women who are uneducated and were not able to save , that the government should especially provide help for .
(Friedland and Summer , 2005) It would be simply inhumane to cast them aside and overlook the fact that they have been vital in the developmental process .
By setting a limit on public spending , many other areas of developments in a nation are not explored .
The aged are a great asset to the nation , in terms of their expertise and experience .
In addition to their past contributions , the aged are likely to be able to continue contributing to the society , by simply passing on their wealth of experience or adding diversity and vibrancy to a nation .
They can also serve as the pillar of a family , binding family units and improving social cohesiveness .
In view of their past and potential contributions in developing the nations , limiting public spending on the aged may actually impede the progress of the nation .
Moreover , inadequate policies will lead to political and social instabilities for moral and ethical issues so , by not setting a limit on public spending on the aged , it indirectly helps to sustain and even improve  the social cohesiveness and development in this aspect .
Limiting public spending will instead create unintended costs , such as unhappiness amongst people .
Otherwise , like Friedland & Summer (2005) mentioned , cutting back on public spending on welfare programmes has an impact on local families and communities .
Based on the above discussed , the aged should be well taken care of .
It is understood that there will be a cost in providing for the aged .
However , to limit the public spending on policies to deal with an aging population effectively translates to inadequacy in catering to an aging population .
The world's population is continually growing , not just in term of size but also in the sense that it is growing older .
( , 2008) .
Therefore , there is a rising importance to deal with the issues related to the aging population .
In evaluating the policies to undertake , it is necessary to consider the net impact of using public funds to deal with aging population , as well as the consequences if the issues relating to aging population are not adequately dealt with .
Public spending on the aged should therefore not be limited as investing time and resources to solving aging population eliminates any unnecessary social costs and contributes to the development of the society as a whole , promoting cohesiveness and progress towards a gracious society .
Nowadays aging of population has become a global problem , especially in developed countries .
In terms of the Population Division of the UN's Department of Economic and Social Affairs , the number of population over 60 years is expected to triple in 2050 and at the same time , the rate of the elderly in developing countries is predicted to increase from 64 percent to almost 80 percent in 2050 (Reilly , 2007) .
To ease the aging process , many countries' public spending will rise steadily as a share of GDP , leaving these countries in a  great financial burden (Joumard , 2004) .
In this case , only focusing on public spending does not seem to be the best way to solve the aging problem .
Instead , the government should limit the public spending on the aged so that more money can be invested to other areas of the country's development .
Expanding the economy is a more effective strategy to ease the aging process compared to simply giving out public pension to the elderly .
For those countries with aging process , the biggest problem they have to face is the number of labors who  (A Touch of Gray , 2002) .
And at the same time , World Bank economists estimated that for developed countries , public pension , which is only one term of the public spending on the aging problem , will increase from 9 percent of GDP in 1990 to 16 percent in 2040 (Shaw , 2002) .
Consequently , the government may not be able to provide enough pension and health care to help improve the old citizens' life as a result of lack of finance .
In this case , countries should invest more on the economy development or other areas to increase the financial ability so that old people can benefit more from the economic growth .
Despite  the above two reasons , some people still argue that the public should help the elderly as much as possible since they have once contributed to the society .
But the problem is limiting  the public spending does not mean cutting off the spending .
This limitation is based on the fact that enough public spending has been put in to guarantee the basic life standard for the elderly , such as age pension and health care .
Under such circumstances , the government should make a more effective spending scheme to solve the aging problem rather than not have any plan or restriction .
To sum up , it is necessary for the government to limit the spending on the elderly so that the economy of the country can be developed more quickly and the effectiveness of the public pensions can be increased .
Limitation does not equal to cutting off but will lead to further development and better solutions for the aging problem .
Firstly , spending too much money on the aged will not bring much return profit .
In an aging population , the elderly count for a high percent in the workforce , so increase in the budget for them seems to be rational but in the long term , it will make the aging process more serious .
Most elderly stopped working or will stop working in the next few years , so bumping money into them is just a short-term investment .
Moreover , the elderly usually demand higher salary in exchange for their experience but they cannot work as hard as when they were young , whereas the young lack experience and find difficulty in seeking jobs .
According to Gastroenterologic Surgery: Encyclopedia of Surgery , the elderly account for approximately 60% of health care expenditures .
However , with the continuous development of technologies and treatments , the government will not be able to pay in full the health care cost for the aged .
Public spending on the elderly should be limited and individuals should pay for their health care cost within their capacities; so young people will strive to save for their own lives , which will improve the economics and reduce the elderly dependency on the government .
"To a large extent , current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process ."
Do you agree ?
Discuss this statement in relation to your particular field of study or interest (e .g .
economics , science , medicine , social policy , architecture , psychology , technological inventions) .
Also , there is more focus on the importance of family ties and bonds .
"Strong family ties are the cornerstone of social cohesion .
Strong family ties bind families together and families shape individuals - their character , their instincts , and their values .
Strong families help build a connected community which is integral in nation building ."
(Children are encouraged to take care of their parents when they are old through various publicity and schemes , such as the case in Singapore , whereby people are given housing grants for choosing to stay near their parents and also providing tax relief for individuals taking care of their parents .
It is also by law in Singapore that children have to support their parents if the parents could not support themselves financially .
Such schemes and laws would protect the elderly from mistreatment from their family members .
Family members in return are more inclined to care for the aged themselves .
The elderly would hence feel happier and joyful and not feel left out and demoralized , easing the problems that they face .
However , since this only applies to the elderly with families , the general public and governments will still need to set up voluntary organizations to interact with the aged in homes or community centers .
In conclusion , through the various available health polices , government policies , social policies and technological advancements , the elderly now are able to lead a better more comfortable and  fulfilling life .
Despite the systems and policies being imperfect , it has definitely brought about benefits to both the aged and general public as a whole .
Yet , by further improving current technology and policies , the aging problem might eventually be resolved .
Ageing process in humans refers to a multidimensional process of physical , psychological , and social change  , 2009) .
Due to this process , countries with aging population are facing problems like economic growth and inadequate protection for the elderly .
Japan and Europe are two examples that have done well in tackling this issue .
In the years to come , more and more countries will be facing problems  from aging process .
Hence solutions are very  .
Thisessay will evaluate  the current measures undertaken  by various countries .
D . Behreandt (2006) The Japanese robot revolution: with an aging population and a looming labor shortage , Japanese scientists are pushing hard to develop advanced androids and integrate them into human society .
N . Wade (2009) .
Tests Begin on Drugs That May Slow Aging , The New York Times
Tan H . Y .
(2006) HDB to spend S$110m to upgrade rental blocks , Channel News Asia
Thirdly , governments from various countries have provided retirement pension , medical scheme and policies to cure the aging population .
Singapore has implemented the retirement pension known as the  Central Provident Fund that allow elderly to fund for their retirement right from the start of their working life .
This policy has been effective as the compulsory contribution to the fund will be allocated to both medical account and general account , which does not only ensure stability but also healthcare stability .
The government could also save the budget on state pension at the same time .
In addition , the Housing Development Board of Singapore has introduced studio apartments that are catered for the elderly .
The forty square meter apartments include facilities like lifts on every floor , hand railings and alarm systems that are specially designed for the elderly .
The government has also promised to build more studio apartments in the upcoming projects .
( 2006) .
Overall , the governments have done well  to ease the aging process to a large extent with the above policies .
In conclusion , countries have used various means to ensure a better aging process for the elderly .
This will be further improved as the country is developing in other aspects like technology , education and economy .
However more attention should also be paid as the speed of aging population may exceed the speed of solving curbing aging policies .
Reference:
Wikipedia
S . Toyne (2002) .
Ageing: Europe's growing problem , BBC
G . Schmid (2008) .
Full Employment In Europe- Managing Labour Market Transitions and Risks
S . H . Lee (2009) In South Korea , Retirement Can Be Elusive
In these days , scientific researchers , media reporters and politicians have reached a consensus that the world is ageing .
The argument over public expenditure on the elderly population has been put on the agenda of the congress or parliament meetings very often .
In recent years , not only the developed countries , but also the developing ones such as China are facing the problem of an ageing population .
According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China (NBSC) (2009) , 160 million Chinese people , or 12% of the population , are above 60 .
Furthermore , 109 million people are above 65 , which is 8 .3% of the population .
The public spending on the aged in China is also climbing rapidly .
However , the necessity of these spending should be studied carefully .
As Thomas Jefferson , the 3rd president of the United States , once said , "Never spend your money before you have earned it ."
This quotation is particularly applicable in China's context .
Public expenditure in China should be limited and diverted to other areas due to its negative impacts on the country's economic growth , the living standard of the younger generation and other sectors of the economy .
Excessive government expenditure on the aged will impede the economic growth of China .
China's public expenditure for public health is rising at a high pace .
According to the National Bureau of Statistics (2006) , the spending for public health has been increasing at about 10% annually from 2000 to 2006 .
This is faster than the economic growth rate of China , which is about 8% (NBSC , 2009) .
A large portion of the public health expenditure actually goes to the aged .
The expenditure on elderly people is slowing down the economic growth .
Furthermore , the negative impacts of these policies will be more significant in China as its economic base is not so strong compared to developed countries such as the U .S and Japan .
Those who oppose cutting government expenditure on elderly argue that limited spending will cause social instability as many families with low income will suffer when the elderly generation needs medical support .
However , economic growth affects the nation's long-term well-being .
The money should be used more wisely .
For instance , Japan's economy situation shows us the consequences of abusing of the government budget on public health spending .
Japan is well known for its ageing problems with 22 .1% of the populations above 65 ( , 2008) .
The Japanese government has to spend a lot on the public health .
As a result , Japan has experienced a slow economic growth over the last 20 years .
Therefore , for China , being a country which is much less developed than Japan , to limit the spending on the aged will be a  wiser decision .
Minister of Internal Affairs and Communications of Japan .
(2008) .
Current Population Estimates as of October 1 , 2008 .
Retrieved September 17 , 2009 , from {http://www .stats .gov .cn/tjsj/ndsj/2008/html/V2138e .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .stats .gov .cn/tjsj/ndsj/2008/html/V2138e .htm]
It will be burdensome to China's next generation , especially the tax payers , if the expenditures on medical and welfare programs are not held in check .
The extra burden of the medical and welfare programs expenses falls on the next generation .
The tax payers have to finance the medical expenses of their own parents and at the same time , pay for other elderly people's medical bills .
The negative impacts will be even worse in China due to its one-child policy since the 1970s .
In the near future , a couple has to support four parents .
If the government raises tax to finance the expenses on the aged , the younger generation would even face difficulties making a living .
Some sociologists argue that if the expenditure on public health is to be limited , the younger generation has to pay more .
The expenditure just shifts from public expenditure to private expenditure .
While it may sound true , someone in the society has to sacrifice in order to solve the current ageing problem .
If we continue increasing this expenditure and ignore the negative impact it has on the economy , Japan's present will be China's future .
Thus , it is reasonable for the Chinese government to limit the spending on the aged in order to improve the long-term well being of its citizens .
In summary , it is unwise for the government and policy makers to solve the aging problems in China by simply increasing public expenditure on the old .
Long-term effects of these policies must be carefully taken into account and the government should be more concerned about how to sustain the economic growth in the long run .
In conclusion , less of China's wealth should be spent on the aged so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Reference List:
National Bureau of Statistics of China .
(2009) .
National Economic and Social Development Statistical Communique of 2008 .
Retrieved September 17 , 2009 , from {http://www .stats .gov .cn/tjgb/ndtjgb/qgndtjgb/t20090226_402540710 .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .stats .gov .cn/tjgb/ndtjgb/qgndtjgb/t20090226_402540710 .htm]
National Bureau of Statistics of China .
(2008) <China Statistical Yearbook-2008> .
Ch21-38 .
China: China Statistics Press and Beijing INFO Press .
Ministry of Finance of China .
(2008) The national fiscal revenue and expenditure balance sheet of 2008 .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from {http://yss .mof .gov .cn/yusuansi/zhengwuxinxi/caizhengshuju/200907/t20090707_176723 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://yss .mof .gov .cn/yusuansi/zhengwuxinxi/caizhengshuju/200907/t20090707_176723 .html]
Growing old is now easier as compared to the last decade with more developments and policies put in place by the government .
Previously , the aging was a tough process having to deal with the many problems faced .
However , with the introduction of policies pertaining to three major problems faced by the elderly , namely economic , inadequate living conditions for the elderly and health issues , the changes have become easier to manage .
The elderly should be encouraged to return to the work force and adopt a later retirement age .
By doing so , it can partially relieve the society of the increasing financial burden of an aging population .
However , for this initiative to work , they have to first address the issue of their skills obsolescence .
Nowadays , with the rapid change in technology , the current skills sets that the elderly possess are mostly obsolete .
Hence , skills upgrade and training programs like those offered by Workforce Development Agency should reach out to more elderly and make it easier for them to upgrade themselves to reduce their barriers to entry into the workforce .
When the elderly returning to the workforce they will be able to accumulate more wealth and save more so that they will be able to be self sufficient when they are older .
Besides , returning to the workforce means that they will continue to contribute taxes , thus helping to reduce the burden on the society .
As they continue to work , they will maintain their Central Provident Fund (CPF) account which acts as a social security savings plan for them in the future .
The CPF account prevents the elderly from depleting their savings and allows them to be financially independent even when they finally stop working .
Therefore , it is essential to provide skills upgrading programs for the elderly and by doing so it will reduce their barriers to enter the workforce  and reduce the impact of aging on the economy .
The government is aware of the challenges faced by the aging population due to inadequate facilities and living conditions and has influenced the changes in the environment so as to make life easier for the elderly .
This is evident in the way the new Housing Development Board flats are built , especially the one room flats that are meant for the elderly .
For example , they are customized to contain various elderly friendly features such as the alarm system that automatically requests for help through a pull of a lever in case of an emergency .
Besides , features such as the building of lifts leading to every storey and the residence corners for the elderly to interact are also implemented .
In addition , to the housing conditions , ease of transport usage have also been give focus and have tremendously improved .
With the public transport system such as buses and trains installed with more seats dedicated to the elderly and customised for the ease of boarding and alighting especially for the wheel chair bounded .
Furthermore , road signs are displayed in 4 major languages to resolve the problem that there are some old folks who are unable to understand other language besides their mother tongue .
Although this much have been done to improve the living conditions of the elderly , the full benefits cannot be reaped if the plans are not widespread enough .
For example , not all apartment flats are equipped with a lift that serves every storey and not all buses are designed for the ease of boarding for the elderly .
Therefore , despite the fact that the changes are indeed useful , there is still a major pitfall here which is if the implementation is not island-wide , the full benefits cannot be realised .
The improving medical care and subsidies help the aging population cope with health problems which are inherent in old age .
According to the Ministry of Health , government subsidies for the elderly are provided based on the assessment of the patient's total family income and can go up to 75% of the total fees .
With this subsidy ,  more elderly will be able to  medical care as compared to before .
Furthermore , with the constantly improving technology in the medical field , many medical procedures have been simplified from surgery that requires hospitalisation to an outpatient procedure .
To quote an example , just 10 years ago , cataract surgery required a hospital stay of several days .
Now , the surgery can sometimes be done in less than 30 minutes as an outpatient basis .
With the improvement , not only the cost of hospitalisation is eliminated , many previously complicated surgeries have also become simplified as a result .
Nevertheless , these measures are only methods which make it more affordable and easier to seek treatment but it does not solve the problem .
The elderly have to be convinced to adopt a healthy and balanced lifestyle .
Therefore , besides providing subsidies , they have to be more proactive in reaching out to the elderly who are not likely to seek out information on staying healthy .
With the measures such as better economic situation for the elderly by encouraging later retirement , improving the housing and transport conditions and better health care for the elderly have tremendously changed the way aging takes place .
While it is inevitable to avoid the aging process , with such measures in place , it will make  growing old much easier than before .
With the overly successful "Stop at Two" campaign to curb the overpopulation in the 1960's , Singapore has since faced an ageing population as birth rate dipped tremendously .
Coupled with high-quality healthcare , life expectancy has also increased .
These result in a decline of the proportion of economically productive people .
In 2008 , Singapore was reportedly one of the Asian economies to be worst hit by an ageing population (UBS , 2008) .
Our long-term economic growth is estimated to be cut by 3 percent , while support for the elderly could cost the country more than 7 percent of our gross domestic product (GDP) .
With such a bleak outlook of our economy , our nation should be spending more wisely .
by entrusting the responsibility of taking care of the elders to everyone in  society , public spending on the elderly could and should then be limited .
Firstly , grown children should take care of their elderly parents .
By stressing on filial obligations and their duty to the aged , we can reduce the fiscal cost of elder dependency .
However , the higher cost of living today makes such obligations quite impossible .
With a high average inflation rate of 5 .83% globally (Goldman Sachs , 2008) , it is very difficult for grown children to support both their family and their parents .
Even so , it should not be an excuse as it actually does not take much to support the aged financially .
Young adults need to make an effort to save .
Especially in Asian societies , such as Singapore , older people are traditionally supported by their own families .
So , the grown children should continue with such tradition .
Nonetheless , in view of this dying tradition , the Maintenance of Parents Act is in place to tackle such issues .
Parents above sixty , who cannot support themselves , can approach the tribunal for an order to claim maintenance from their children , delegating responsibility to the children .
Hence , with children supporting their parents , the government could save on the extra national budget .
Secondly , there are policies made to help the aged remain self reliant after retirement such as the mandatory saving scheme known as Central Provident Fund (CPF) .
Nonetheless , the policies may not benefit all the aged .
For example , the CPF is not beneficial to the self employed unless they made an effort to deposit money into their CPF account .
Hence , the government has made several , not just one , policies .
For example , the lack of land in Singapore makes housing a valuable asset for Singaporeans .
To ensure all Singaporeans own their homes , the government gives generous subsidies for public housing .
As the nation prospers , these homes will appreciate in value , and Singaporeans may draw on this egg nest when they are old .
With such policies , the aged are ensured that they would have enough assets to remain self reliant and not be dependent on the government .
Hence , the government will then be able to divert spending towards  national growth .
Lastly , an ageing population places pressure on the entire nation and everyone should play a part to take care of the aged .
Retirement age is to be pushed back to 65 by 2012 .
The best way to be all right in old age is to have enough savings by working longer (PM Lee Hsien Loong , 2009) .
Hence , companies can contribute by employing them .
Nonetheless , many elders lack skills .
Yet , they are more expensive to employ .
However , it must not be overlooked that these elders are experienced and could contribute in a different way .
Employers could also offer other kinds of employment , it does not necessarily have to be the same job or pay as of their previous employment .
The government has also several programs to retrain older workers and upgrade their skills , ultimately , increasing their employability .
With jobs , the elders could then be self reliant .
Hence , spending on the aged population could then be limited .
An ageing population is an issue that many developed countries are facing .
While it may seem daunting to the economy , all it takes is a lot of planning ahead and the unity of the entire nation .
As our Prime Minister said , by preparing well and early , the present generation of Singaporeans will be able to enjoy healthy and fulfilling lives into their sunset years , without putting a heavy burden on their children and grandchildren .
The aging population is becoming a problem that many people worry about .
As the population gets older , retired elderly will require healthcare reimbursement , building of elderly friendly infrastructure and domestic helpers .
As a result , this will become very costly to the working generations , and also it will be a hindrance to the economic growth .
To aid in this situation , the elderly should be influenced to be more financially responsible , and public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
The elderly population needs a huge amount of money for healthcare expenses .
Many elderly has deteriorated health with common illnesses like diabetes , eye cataracts , boneelder friendlyems , and heart problems .
These problems need continuous attention and therefore incur repetitive and expensive expenditures .
There is also a neto build elderly friendly environment like railings , lifts that goes to every floor of the buildings , and slopes .
In addition , there will be a need to have domestic helpers or day-care-centers to take care of the elderly when there is nobody else to look after them .
These can incur huge government expenses which can slow down the economy .
The elderly should be educated about the aging population , because the economy may be sevehaveydeterioratingif they are no longer able to support themselves financially .
Being financially responsible , the elderly should save up as much money as possible while they were young so that they can pay for their daily expenses .
In this manner , the working populatioenvironments more funds left over to stimulate economic growth , or even pay for trampswn retirement .
There will be an adverse impact on the economy if government spending on the aged is not limited .
Due to the a largeof raising taxes to provide for the elderly , local consumptions of goods may reduce significantly and foreign investors will consider relocating their investments .
If consumption of goods reduces significantly , there will be low credit flow in the economy , which will result in sluggish economic growth .
Also , when foreign investors relocate their investments , jobs will also be relocated to other geographic places , this result in fewer jobs for the population .
Spending to develop the country can generate extra revenue to the country , creating a more affluent society .
This will be beneficial for the elderly and also the working population , as the more affluent society will be able to pay for the healthcare expenses of the elderly .
For the benefit of the whole society , public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
As the aging population to some extent has had a negative impact on society , social policies play an important role in reducing the effect which could otherwise cause social disintegration within a country .
One important example would be the  Parents Maintenance Act of Singapore , which governs specifically the social relationship between parents and children .
One may argue that the social policy is not needed as it has already been perceived in the society itself .
However , the current economic situation and the decreasing fertility rate have left  young adults , who have no siblings to share costs with , no choice but to give up on their parents .
Furthermore , we should also consider the fact that society is changing over time and so does the social and cultural value of our traditions .
Particularly in Singapore , as a multiracial country , where many different cultures converge , the traditional Asian value of filial piety will continuously fade off .
Thus , social policy plays an important part to maintain this relationship and also to reiterate the importance of filial piety in the minds of the young adults .
As people get older , they tend to be more dependent on others in their daily activities .
This dependency may hinder the activity of the people around them which may otherwise be productive  .
With this in mind , countries have begun to provide elder friendly architectural design to assist elderly in their daily activities  .
For instance , in Singapore , more housing and transportation modes are designed to provide elder friendly designs such as: rubber flooring , alarm systems and supporting hand rails .
With the implementation of elder friendly designs , the elderly will be able demonstrate some level of independence .
Reduced dependency of the elderly would also result in better allocation of the country's resources , as young adults would be able to concentrate on their career and social organizations would be able to direct their attention to the more needy ones .
In conclusion , the problems of an aging population are likely to continue or even worsen over the coming years .
Including economic , social and architectural aspects of society , there are many other implementations that can be done to ease the aging issues .
With the success of these implementations , I believe the world can shift the paradigm of the aging phenomenon to have a sustainable positive impact .
Yes , I agree that current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
In Singapore , the government and society have come up with various policies and strategies to assist the aging population .
For example , there are some organizations that help the elderly with their daily necessities; the government is planning on making a more elder friendly environment and having an Active Aging Festival .
One might object  that the government and society have not really done much for them .
For instance , there are still many who are living alone with no children to care for them .
This group of elderly usually live in small apartments with little contact with the outside world and they fall sick easily .
It is also quite inconvenient for them to move about , thus they prefer to stay at home and watch television , rest and not do anything much .
They just watch life pass by .
There were even cases of elderly dying at home without anybody knowing it .
Many are of the view that the government is neglecting the older generation .
There is a lack in government policies and regulation in ensuring that the elderly are well taken care of .
However , it only reflects on the minority .
The government and the public have actually done a lot in helping the elderly in Singapore .
The TOUCH Community Services (TCS) , a non-profit organization that provides TOUCH Home Care (THC) to help this group of elderly who are living alone and have mobility difficulties .
Volunteers from THC will visit this group of elderly daily to provide meals and if necessary , services such as escort and transportation to their medical appointment .
TCS also provides the TOUCH Seniors Activity Centre a place for the elderly to be active and have fun when they participate in events and activities .
Through this , the elderly get to mix around with people of their age and keep their mind active .
There are also many other organizations that provide all kinds of assistant to the elderly in their daily life .
Another program by the government is the 'Enable Ageing-in-Place' plan to make places more accessible for the elderly .
This plan focuses on how elderly can travel safer and easier in public area using public transport .
We can see that some buses are now made with a platform accessible for people who are on wheelchairs; Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) stations with lifts and fare gates which allow them to travel just like many other commuters; Older HDB flats being upgraded to lifts that stops at each level and car parking areas now comes with wheelchair bounded slots .
These are just examples of the many strategies that the government has come up with to ease the aging process in Singapore .
The government and the public have done so much over the past few years in helping the elderly in their aging process .
Policies and developments are in place to ensure that aging will not become a problem to the society but just a natural process in Singapore .
An aging population is one of the issues that faces Singapore today . .
The Singapore Department of Statistics (Singstat) states in its Population Trend 2008 report that senior citizens aged 65 years and above make up  8 .5% of the population and that , it will continue to rise .
Having an aging population is a challenge and there is a need for public spending to assist the aged throughout their aging process .
However , the amount of public spending on the aged should nonetheless be limited so that the money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Critics of this position point out that it is only right for the government to spend on the aged to recognize their contributions made to the country's economy .
However , doing so and not limiting the public spending on them would have dire consequences on Singapore itself .
Firstly , the national budget will come under pressure .
Having an aging population means that there will be lesser people in the workforce and this will have an impact on the country's economy  .
Further if public spending on the aged is not limited despite the decrease in the size of the workforce , the country's economy will be negatively affected .
In addition , the public money comes from taxing the workforce .
If public spending is not limited , this would mean that the workforce may be further taxed to provide sufficient funds for the aged .
Not only would this pressurize the workforce , it would also cause them to spend less as they have lesser discretionary income .
This action will ultimately affect the country's economy .
Thus , it is necessary to limit public spending on the aged due to the negative consequences that would arise from doing  otherwise .
One may argue that the high cost of living justifies the need for public spending on the aged .
However , measures have been taken by the government beforehand to help the aged ease their aging process .
One measure , linked through the Central Provident Fund (CPF) , is the CPF Life .
There may be a portion of the senior citizens who find it difficult to cope with the cost of living after retirement as they no longer have an income to support them .
Thus , in order to meet their needs , the government has came up with the CPF Life designed such that the elders will be able to receive a continuous steady stream of income base on their CPF contributions made during their working life .
Another measure that the government had taken was to include a Medisave account in the CPF Savings .
The money in the Medisave account was formed by a percentage of their income and could be used for hospitalization expenses .
As the senior citizens are more prone to health sickness , having this Medisave account would greatly benefit them .
Thus , public spending on the aged could and should be limited as the government had came up with several approaches to help deal with the aging process .
An aging population should not be the only issue that is given most attention to , as there are other areas of the country's development that would require  public money .
For instance , the government should spend part of the national budget in trying to increase the fertility rate .
Singstat mentions that despite the slight increase in fertility rate , the fertility rate is still considered low .
Having a low fertility rate would impact Singapore in the long run .
The government could probably use the national budget to provide incentives to encourage Singaporeans to do their part in increasing the fertility rate .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be limited as there are other areas of the country's development that would require the national budget .
In conclusion , though there should be public spending on the aged , it should nevertheless be limited .
This is because of the consequences related to doing  otherwise such as pressurizing the national budget as well as the workforce  .
In addition , the government has already done its part in preparing its citizens for old age through the CPF Life and Medisave Account .
Furthermore , there are other areas of development that would require the national budget .
I agree to a large extent that current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process .
The aging process means that as time passes ,  people will undergo a process of physical , psychological and social change .
In order to help the society and its people to cope with the changes , current research and development such as new technological inventions and employment schemes are being put in place .
Firstly , in many countries which have traffic lights at road conjunctions , the scenario of an elderly rushing to cross the traffic light is common because the elderly tends to have a slower pace in walking .
This is a concern for an aging population as there could be some danger posed in crossing the roads when the traffic light has turned red .
To minimize the risk of elderly fatalities , the Singapore Land Transport Authority (LTA) has invented an Elderly-Friendly Traffic System .
The system uses the Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology to identify any elderly pedestrians who want to cross the road , then extend the 'green man' timing , allowing the elderly to make their way across the roads safely .
It may be objected that if an elderly person took too much time crossing the road , it may cause traffic congestion on the road .
However , a countdown timer has been installed beside the 'green man' to signal to the pedestrians that the traffic light is turning to 'red man' .
Thus , the system is put in place for elderly to cross safely with a reasonable amount of time .
This example shows that the problems which will occur from an aging population have been well-thought through and measures have been put in place . .
One argument against the large extent of current research and development/policies that helped to ease the aging process is the availability of jobs for the elderly .
Most of the companies are likely to avoid elderly employment as the elderly are often perceived to have lack of relevant knowledge and expertise for them to work or continue to work in the company .
However , it is not true as the government has implemented several schemes to help in the employment of the elderly .
For example , in Singapore , the Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience (SPUR) is an enhanced funding support scheme that will help both the companies and individuals to build stronger manpower capabilities and more enhanced skills .
Thus , with the encouragement and funding from the government , the companies will be more motivated to provide enhanced training for the existing employee or relevant training for the elderly to enter the company .
This will help in relieving the aging process .
Clearly , as the aging process continues , the importance of adapting to the changes brought forth by an aging population becomes greater .
With the help of current research and development/policies , the society and the people will be more prepared in adapting to an aging population .
If there are no measures taken to ease the aging process , the probability of the society and the people being overwhelmed by the problems might be greater .
Bibliography
1) Elderly-Friendly phones (2008 , July 19) .
Japan's cellphone firms target senior citizens .
The Straits Times .
Retrieved 13 September , 2009 , from AsiaOne digital .
http://digital .asiaone .com/Digital/News/Story/A1Story20080719- 77589 .html
2) Land Transport Authority .
On-the Roads Traffic Management .
Trial of a New Elderly-Friendly Traffic System .
Retrieved on 13 September , 2009 , from http://www .onemotoring .com .sg/publish/onemotoring/en/on_the_roads/traff ic_management/new_elderly_friendly_traffic_system .html
3) Singapore Workforce Development Agency .
SPUR .
SPUR .
Retrieved on 13 September , 2009 , from http://www .wda .gov .sg/
Being one of the fastest aging populations in the Asian region , Singapore faces many challenges in trying to overcome this aging problem .
For the last 30 years , the young population in Singapore has shrunk tremendously .
Accounting for less than 4% of the total population back in the 1960s , today the elderly , aged 65 and above  constitute 7 .3% of the total population based on the Singapore Census of Population 2000 .
This projects a significant growth in the aging population over the years .
To accommodate  this current changing age structure , on-going development of government policies , covering areas like economics , sociology and architectural design , have been carried out aggressively through these years .
However , government initiated policies are not as inefficient after all .
One of the main causes for a growing aging population is the low fertility rate in Singapore .
In today's society , many couples choose to have fewer children due to the high living expenses and financial burden .
Due to that , Singapore is facing a serious declining fertility rate that  is resulting in a huge difference between the aged and the young .
To overcome this problem , government policy is implemented to encourage Singaporean couples to have three or more children if family finances permit .
This includes the implementation of financial incentive schemes , such as the Baby Bonus scheme , to parents who are having their second or third child .
Under this scheme , a Children Development Account (CDA) will be opened .
For parents having their second child , the government will contribute S$500 per year into the CDA account and up to another S$1000 each year to match the combinations from their parents .
For parents having their third child , the amount contributed will be doubled .
Purpose of this financial scheme is to assist parents in the payment of the development and education of their children .
Through these implemented policies , it will help facilitate the growth of the fertility rate .
To further tackle the rising trend , the Government has implemented different housing schemes so as to better allow the families to look after their aged parents rather than putting them in old folks' homes or leaving them to look after themselves .
Examples of housing schemes include the Joint Selection scheme , which helps the parents and their children in their application for separate flats but in the same block or housing estate .
Multi-Tier Family Housing scheme is another scheme which allows preferential treatment in flat application , lower-down payment and also maximum loans for those who opt for it .
The applicants can request for flats that are larger in size with enough space for two independent households .
Through this policy , it helps to create responsibility awareness of the younger generation to look after their aged parents .
Furthermore , it also enables the aged to continue living in the environment that they are familiar with .
Support services and subsidies are provided to families with aged dependents so as to assist them and at the same time , help the aged to remain physically and socially active .
Catering to the upward trend of the aging population , initiated programs such as free health check for the elderly are implemented to encourage the elderly to constantly conduct full body checkup to ensure that they are in good health  and also to advice them on the dos and don'ts in their everyday life so as to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Besides that , incentives are also beingprovided for the elderly to further motivate them in conducting health checks .
With these , it will help to ensure that the elderly are physically and mentally healthy and thus more productive in their old age .
As we can see , the aging process is not slowing down .
All the policies implemented were to facilitate the process smoothly so as to reduce the impact of aging towards the society .
I could say that these implemented policies do help a lot in easing the aging process .
Perhaps what we can hope for is the constant innovation and improvement so as to serve the aging process better .
Referencing:
Journal Article:
Angelique Chan .
Singapore's Changing Structure and the Policy Implications for Financial Security , Employment , Living Arrangements and Health Care .
Asian Metacentre Research Paper Series No .
3 .
Modern science and medicine has brought many benefits to mankind .
Disease like Parkinson's disease which is known as an incurable disease is now largely controllable due to research  done to discover the cause of this disorder .
Of all the neurodegenerative disorders , Parkinson's disease is second to Alzheimer's disease in the number of cases , with more than 1 .3 million patients suffering from it in major countries .
Parkinson's disease usually develops after the age of 65 .
Currently , research and development  Solvay Pharmaceuticals Asia is progressing well on working with the newly invented therapy of SLV308 and SLV318 to improve symptomatic treatment of Parkinson's disease .
With the acquisition of the Swedish company Neopharma in 2005 , they were also able to enrich their product portfolio with the Parkinson's medication Duodopa .
Duodopa is intended for people suffering from late stage Parkinson's disease , while SLV308 is for the less advanced stages .
Together the products are expected to fit well alongside each other .
If the medications are successfully improved , Parkinson's disease will be highly  controlled .
Research has also been done on other  illnesses to find out the most efficient medications .
Compared to before , the research and newly invented medicines have helped to ease certain aging processes to a certain extent .
Technological inventions should also be taken into account as they are also essential in easing the aging process .
According to Science Daily , computer scientists have designed technologies to help the elderly maintain their independence .
One device uses optical sensors to oversee people as they pick up and use items .
Another device  uses radio frequency identification technology to track which medications have been take and when .
Besides , a team of researchers from UGR has created a system with Artificial Intelligence techniques which notifies elderly people or people with special needs who forget  everyday tasks .
These technological inventions enable the elderly to live independently and with these helpful inventions , they will no longer be classified as burdens .
Moreover , the inventions of a wheelchair controlled by a magnet on the tongue will also enable some elderly people who are unable to move freely move easily , wherever and whenever they want .
These inventions have indeed helped a lot in easing the aging process .
In a nutshell , it is undeniable that in this globalization era , research , development and policies have been doing their part in easing the aging process .
With these inventions , people nowadays are leading comfortable lives and the aging process is no longer tough for both the elderly and the young  .
Hence , everyone should appreciate these innovative inventions instead of abusing them .
Referencing :
Internet Resources:
Globally , there is  rising concern about the rapidly aging  population , especially in the developed countries , for example , the U .S . Census Bureau projects the number of elderly Americans will nearly double to 71 million by 2030 .
Many countries are starting to pump  money into research and to introduce policies to ease the aging process as it will lead to problems like widening of the tax base and healthcare shortages .
While current research and policies have helped to ease the aging process , there are limitations to these policies that make these policies not as effective  .
The policies that the government introduced and  current research have indeed helped to buffer the aging process .
The government has introduced effective economic policies to ease the aging process .
These economic policies are important as they will help to promote economic growth for the country .
Without growth , a country will not have the financial ability to be able to provide welfare benefits and to support the needy , usually the elderly .
One of the economic policies introduced is encouraging longer working lives .
For example , the Singapore government extended the CPF Minimum Sum withdrawal age from 62 to 65 , which in turn delayed the age of retirement .
This policy is effective in the sense that it not only increases the size of the working population so that the government will not have to increase the tax base , but also helps the elderly to save up more money for their future needs after they retire .
Therefore , this economic policy helps to promote growth for the country and also helps the elderly to prepare for their old age .
Medical research is one crucial element in easing the aging process .
When dealing with an aging population , the government knows that healthcare is one major sector that they cannot neglect .
As people havea longer life expectancy  , the aging population is going to make up a quarter of the population by the year 2030 in countries like Singapore .Therefore , more people will be demanding better health care as they grow older . .
This is because as people grow older , many are bound to suffer from age-related diseases such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease .
Thus , the government is investing large amounts of money into medical research on age-related diseases and bringing in new medical technology .
This research and technology will be used in finding new cures for certain diseases , developing of new treatments and increasing the success rate of surgery .
For example , in the United States , there is federal funding of $1 .4 billion annually in research that is crucial to finding ways to treat and prevent Alzheimer's .
Therefore , these investments on medical research will definitely be very useful in the near future .
However , there are limitations as to how effective the research and policies will be .
The research and technologies brought in are very expensive which makes it available only for the people who can afford it and the poor , who can barely make  ends meet , will not be the beneficiaries .
Some argue that the government has given a reasonable subsidy in healthcare , especially for the poor .
In addition , in the case of Singapore ,  people can fully utilise their Medisave funds , which they have saved up from their working lives , to pay for their medical bills .
However , these are really not enough to cover the high medical bills for most people , especially those who suffer from illnesses that require long- term treatment .
For  low income earners , they may have depleted their Medisave funds after one surgery , and for  subsequent treatment , they will have to either fork out their own savings or , as is often the case , they will refuse to seek treatment , which thus aggravates their illness .
So , more efforts from the government is needed in this area so that affordable healthcare will be accessible to everyone who needs it .
Aging population is a problem that no country can escape , so what the government can do is to reduce this aging process with the help of  research and policies .
However , there are limitations in the policies , thus the government can look into alternative methods so that  people will truly benefit from these policies and research .
Resources:
http://www .nowpublic .com/people/elderly-americans-double-71-million-2030
http://www .alz .org/news_and_events_news_release_03-10-2005 .asp
http://www .indexmundi .com/g/g .aspx ?c=sn&v=31
In the recent years , the changing demographic of Singapore has cause the government and policymakers to channel more resources and revise public policies for the elderly .
If the government still does not intervene , the working-age population will come under more pressure as the elderly persons are mostly taken care by them .
Furthermore , if it is not properly handled , more issues relating to aging population will arise causing serious consequences to the growth of the country .
To deal with the challenges ahead , the government has implemented a few measures in terms of health care services , retirement policy and provision of housing to help the elderly .
Withe help from voluntary welfademographicstion , there ishas causedof health care services available to help the older people in tto revisemunity .
These health care services provided are such as day care centres , senior citizens club and residential care .
However , at times theservices are not fully utilized ascare oflack of publicity and the location may not be accessible to some of the elderlthe aging populationy near the health care centres .
Therefore , mostly these health care centres are located to the places where a high proportion of older people are staying .
These services are a great support and assistance to the working age people who are taking care of the elderly while they are busy working .
Moreover , Social activities such as games , keep fit exercises and karaoke sessions are organized to engage the elderly in a healthy sociable lifestyle .
With more of these health care services around , the elderly can remain physically and socially active , and it also help to lighten the burden of the working age population .
Currently , Government is encouraging organizations and able elderly to work longer by lowering barriers of eldemployment policy .
It  ,lso mean higher cost in term of healthcare clubsfits and insurances .
In such case , companies will find them as a huge financial butheyen slong the growth of the companies .
But , on the other hand , companies do save up a lot in their training costs as these employees are these health care centres are mostly locatedtinon the recruitment costs .
By working longer , there is more time to ensure that the valuable experience and knowledare passed on to the younger members of the workforce .
Countries such as Japan and United States are also encouraging more people to work longer by extending the retirement age up to sixty-five .
In addition , with still a good medical condition and good working performance , these people can be a great asset in contributing to the economy .
Hence , encohelpsing later retirement will benefit the elderly in saving up more for their old age and the economy of the country .
After World War II , there was a rapid increase in the birth rate across the globe and Singapore too , faces the same problem .
With an increase in the fertility rate accompanied with an increase in the life expectancy of the population , Singapore was soon faced with an overcrowded population .
In order to prevent the situation from deteriorating , the government imposed strict policies in an attempt to reduce the birth rate .
For instance , civil servants are not entitled to paid maternity leave for the third and subsequent child .
In addition , public hospitals charge increasingly higher sums for each additional birth .
This move was proven to be effective as the fertility rate in Singapore dropped from 3 .0 in 1970 to 1 .7 in 1980 .
However , by 1986 , the Singapore government became aware of the low birth rate problem within the country and hence decided to come out with the "Have Three or More , if You Can Afford It" policy .
Monetary incentives are given to both the parent and the third and subsequent child .
Nonetheless , the policy did not work due to the rising cost of living and additional responsibility for each additional child .
With improved medical facilities these days , the life expectancy of the population has increased .
With low birth rates and longer life expectancy , the aging populationhas become a long term problem for Singapore .
Knowing the difficulties in encouraging Singaporeans to have more children , the government and related organizations decided to carry out research studies and implement policies to ease the aging process in different areas such as the medical field .
In order to combat the shrinking workforce caused by the rapid ageing population and a declining fertility rate , the Health authorities must first gear up their medical field and prepare for an aging population .
Due to the fact that older patients are more prone to hospital admittances than  other age groups , providing better medical care facilities and services not only helps to reduce the chance of re-admission , it will also facilitate better chances of making a full recovery .
With less frequent visits to  hospital , the amount of money spent on medical bills would decrease .
Hence , the elderly would be able live longer with their retirement funds .
However , to develop the medical sector , huge sums of funds have to be involved which may in turn hamper the development of other sectors .
Moreover , the drugs have to be tested so as to ensure the effectiveness of the medicine and that they are safe for consumption .
On the other hand , with the rise in aging population , it is necessary to invest heavily in the medical sector as poor medical facilities will lead to more health problems within the country .
This will then result in an increase in the amount spent on medication , thus adding a greater financial burden to the shrinking workforce .
With the constant rise in the cost of living , families can no longer rely on a sole breadwinner as they need to support both their parents as well as their children in terms of food , shelter and education .
Hence , it would be a wise decision for both adults to work in order to ease the financial burden of the family .
However , by easing the financial burden of the family , it may result in neglecting their obligations to look after their parents .
Furthermore , if either of their parents contract a long term disease which requires a significant amount of care , both  adults will be in a dilemma about whether to look after their parents or to carry on with their job so as to ease the financial burden that is added  because of the medical bills .
Either decision requires one party to sacrifice , thus the Singapore government decided to offer more step-down care services which provides basic medical care to the elderly after the patient has been stabilized .
With these services , working adults can still fulfill their filial obligation as children and maintain a manageable financial burden .
In the recent rally speech by the Prime Minister Lee Lee Hsien Loong , he mentioned that "the best way to keep health care costs down is to maintain healthy lifestyles" such as going for regular checkups and exercising regularly .
To ensure that the elderly maintain a healthy lifestyle , the government has started to build elderly fitness corners around  neighborhood .
Occasionally , the neighborhood polyclinics  also provide free medical checkups for the elderly .
Then again , even though it is the health authorities who are responsible for providing  better medical care to the citizens , senior citizens also have to play a part in ensuring their own well being .
It is their responsibility to go for regular checkups and seek proper medical treatment instead of self medicating if one is not feeling well .
This would then allow them to identify the possible illness and seek proper treatment early so as to reduce the chance of it developing into a terminal disease which would then in turn reduce the amount of money spent on treatment .
Hence , even though the government and health authorities offer facilities to ease the aging effect ,  people must also take the initiative to utilize them and be more proactive in keeping a healthy lifestyle .
In a nutshell , the medical sector plays a significant role in easing the aging process by providing a high level of medical care and wellbeing to  senior citizens .
However , the elderly themselves are also responsible for their own wellbeing by maintaining a healthy lifestyle and going for regular checkups .
Thus , if the elderly are able to take advantage of the advanced medical facilities offered to them , it will certainly play a big role in helping  society to ease the aging process .
The first policy development is in themedical field .
There is an increased demand for health care services by the aging population .
Having quality health care services at affordable prices is viewed as one of the most important needs for the aging population .
The first strategy implemented by Singapore is to have a seamless community-based health care system .
This strategy calls for having private clinics to be within a hundred metres from the home .
The polyclinics , community hospitals , long term care centres and regional hospitals should be located within two to six kilometres .
The aim is to minimize the number of hospital trips made .
It has already been carried out in the northern and western parts of Singapore .
The second strategy devised is the implementation of means- testing .
This strategy calls for graduated levels of subsidies that are based on either the patient's income or the house type .
The subsidies can be up to eighty percent of the total bill .
It is supported by reducing the subsidies of the financially well-off .
Thus , the two policies have helped to ease the aging process by cushioning the impact on the health care services .
The second policy development is in the economic field .
Three main factors have caused the total fiscal cost to be increasing at an increased rate .
Firstly , more subsidized health care treatments is being sought .
Secondly , treatment costs have increased in relation to the tremendous advancements made in medical science technologies .
Thirdly , more financial help are being sought from the government .
The first strategy implemented is the creation of the Central Provident Fund (CPF) .
The purpose is to provide a compulsory and comprehensive savings plan for Singaporeans .
In response to the changing economic landscape , several major changes have been made .
Some of the changes are the increase in the the CPF minimum sum and the partial withdrawal of  retirement savings upon reaching retirement age .
The second strategy implemented is the raise in the retirement age to sixty two years old .
The original retirement age was set at fifty five years old .
As people are living longer and healthier , there is an increased need to save up for future expenditures .
Allowing later retirement will allow wealth accumulation .
Another benefit is that valuable working experience can be retained and imparted to the inexperienced .
This will lead to a higher productivity rate .
Thus , these two policies have helped to ease the aging process by cushioning the impact on the economy .
However , critics have pointed out that it is the motivation of individuals , instead of policies , that has to ease the aging process .
Having a quality and affordable health care system will be ineffective if individuals do not take care of themselves .
Without the determination of individuals to work past their prime and increase their wealth accumulation , implementing good economic policies will also be ineffective .
However , the critics failed to pointed out that even though individuals may be unwilling to save up; the economic policies implemented have actually helped indirectly in wealth accumulation .
Unless the individuals are self-employed , part of their monthly salary will go towards CPF and special interest rates are given for the amount held .
They also have not point out that Singapore has taken basic measures to ensure the general well-being of its citizens .
For example , it is compulsory for newly-born to have the BCG vaccination against Tuberculosis .
The integration of  health care service providers through  medical policies will result in a higher quality and more affordable health care system .
As for economic policies , having the CPF and raising the retirement age allows additional wealth accumulation .
Thus , the development of these policies has helped to ease aging process to a large extent .
Ageing has always been a concern of many as no one can escape the ageing process and it has never been an easy task going through it .
However , with the likes of current medical research and policies , the ageing process has been eased to a large extent as compared to decades ago .
It is norm that ageing is often associated with illnesses such as Parkinson's and  ,and as a result , it is a concern of many .
Thus , medical breakthroughs by the University of Nottingham in  research regarding to the slowing down and preventing of Parkinson's and dementia  has definitely relieved many .
Although , some may argue that breakthroughs in  research do not severe the root of the problem as those who are ill  the diseases are still not cured .
However , one must realized that  breakthroughs can help the aged to be better prepared or even prevent contracting with  diseases .
Additionally , since there is a breakthrough , the possibility of a cure cannot be ruled out as well .
Besides , if more are able to slow down or even prevent themselves from getting the disease , the aged can lessen their medical costs which will lead to a reduced cost of living .
Therefore , medical research greatly enhances the confidence of the aged to face the eventual ageing process .
Clearly , the current research and policies have helped to ease the ageing process tremendously .
Breakthroughs in the medical research field , not only provide a cushion for the aged with regards to old age illnesses but also help to reduce their future medical expenditure .
Similarly , the CPF policy , put into operation by the government lessens the worries of ageing as medical and life expenses  are already well planned for .
Finally the HDB grant policy decreases the worries of the aged living with their children .
It is relatively hard to deny how much ageing has been made much easier .
Aging is a continuous , complex , and dynamic process .
Aging  as defined by Wikipedia is the process of physical , psychological , and social change .
Physical change means that one's health will be likely to deteriorate as one ages .
While psychological change in general refers to the change in mental abilities and behaviors .
Social change in general points to the change in attitude towards life .
The rate of aging differs from person to person .
However , everyone will have to go through it eventually .
Fortunately , advancements in technology , economic policies and social policies implemented by the government has helped to ease this process .
Although elderly individuals can realize tremendous benefits from the advancement in technology , nevertheless , technology brings with it problems too .
Some elderly individuals may feel  left behind by the pace of technological change .
In today's modern world , most information is digitalized .
Elderly individuals , who lack access and training needed to familiarize themselves with modern technology like the internet , may find themselves at a disadvantage .
This is because they will miss out on opportunities to access  the large database of information , goods and services online .
However , efforts have been made to help these elderly individuals .
For example in Singapore , the government has launched the Wireless@SG initiative to provide citizens with free internet access .
Hence , elderly individuals will also have the opportunity to use the internet .
Moreover , the government is also providing subsidies to help these elderly individuals to purchase a computer .
In addition , there will also be concentrated efforts towards educating  elderly individuals to use the internet .
Therefore , they too can also enjoy the ease of getting information , goods and services online just by a click .
The internet also provides a platform for elderly individuals to network and socialize with one another without stepping out of their house .
This is veryconvenient especially for elderly individuals who have difficulty moving around .
Apart from that , advancements in technology also brings about the inventions of new gadgets that have significantly improved the lives of  elderly individuals .
For example in Japan , a mobile phone manufacturer has come up with a mobile phone that has a large key pad so that the elderly can use it without straining their eyes .
Similarly , wheelchairs are being made automated , so that elderly individuals , who are too weak to walk , will still be able to move around freely and independently .
Economic policies implemented by the government have also helped to ease the process of aging .
For example in Singapore , the government has implemented the Central Provident Fund (CPF) LIFE scheme that will provide lifelong income for the elderly in their retirement .
Under this scheme , they can get around $360 to $440 per month upon reaching the age of 62 .
As a result , elderly individuals can enjoy their retirement without having many financial worries .
Elderly individuals are generally more prone to illnesses as their immune system may have weakened due to aging .
In addition to that , they are more likely to be plagued with old age diseases like Parkinson's or dementia .
The government foreseeing that personal medical expenses would rise as one ages , has implemented the Medisave scheme to meet elderly people's healthcare needs .
Basically , this scheme helps individuals to put aside part of their income into their Medisave account to meet their future personal medical expenses .
Therefore , they do not have to worry about medical expenses when they are old .
Besides that , the government also provides financial assistance to needy elderly individuals who do not have the means to pay their medical expenses .
Social policies have also been implemented to ease the process of aging .
For example in Singapore , the government has set up a $10million Golden Opportunities Fund to create more programmes , activities and learning opportunities for  elderly individuals .
This fund will be used to construct more elderly-friendly facilities in all sports centres and within housing estates .
Therefore , through this policy , elderly people can pursue the lifestyle of their choice , be it sports , learning , or contributing through volunteering in non-profit organizations .
In conclusion , advancements in technology , economic policies and social policies implemented by the government have helped to ease the process of aging .
Elderly individuals are able to live freely , independently and fruitfully while pursuing their choice of life after retirement .
[700 words]
Firstly , the Parents Maintenance Act can now address the  concern of the increasing number of parents who are neglected and abandoned by their children . .
It may be successful in getting the children to pay the maintenance of their parents ; but by enforcing such law ,   .
The act ensures that the child or children have to support their parents since they will face serious consequences they did not .
However , it is a question of whether if they have done it willingly .
Filial piety is supposed to be a virtue to be upheld , a respect for parents and ancestors , and yet now we need a law  to make sure everyone uphold it .
Does this imply morals are being eroded in this society ? 
Furthermore , Parents Maintenance Act may not be entirely successful in getting the children to pay for their  parents' maintenance .
This is because the act is only applicable if parents made a report against their children and  if the parents were aware of such an act , as well as  ready to do that to their children .
And children can only abide by the obligations if they were financially stable .
Therefore this act is rather ineffective in solving the problems of unwanted  parents .
In conclusion , the two policies have shown their ineffectiveness in easing the problems of ageing population .
Rather than having one policy to cater to the whole country , there can be different policies implemented to cater to different levels of income group .
"Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development ."
I agree with this statement to a large extent .
The national budget has always been something that most taxpayers pay much attention to and the planning of the annual expenditure is always a big challenge  to meet the ever changing needs of the country .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted into more important areas of the country development , mainly health , education and defense .
Emphasis should also be placed on the education sector as it is crucial to the country's development .
Education is fundamental for the nation as it builds the nation's foundation  .
It is necessary and cannot be cut down even at the current stage of economic downturn .
Singapore has spent a large amount of budget on education , roughly  $8701 million in the financial year 2009  (Ministry of Finance , 2009)  .Some people might think that  educating the elderly is an important aspect of the nation's development as it promotes lifelong learning .
However , educating the old will require a considerate amount of money as most of their minds are not as active as the younger ones and they will take a longer time to absorb new knowledge .
The focus  should be setting a strong foundation for the young and the working population rather than spending money on the elderly .
In this economic downturn , it will be more efficient if we set a strong base through education so that our workforce will be equipped with the necessary knowledge and skills to tackle problems and future challenges in life and work when the economy picks up .
Defence is also a major component that we have to place focus on when we talked about the country's development .
The country's aim is to enhance peace and security through deterrence and diplomacy; when these fail , it will ensure a swift victory over the aggressor .
In Singapore , defense has the highest percentage of the budget allocated in Financial Year 2009 , rounding to about $11 .45 billion , which is about 26 .4% of the national budget  (Ministry of Finance , 2009)  .Some people might dispute that the aged is a valuable asset as we can tap into their vast experience when it comes to defense .
However , in this fast paced and ever changing society , the experiences of the aged will get more irrelevant and money will be better used if the public spending on the aged can be diverted into defense to maintain peace so that the social and economical sectors of the nation can flourish .
In conclusion , I believe that there is indeed a need for  public spending on the aged as the aged are still able to contribute much when it comes to the nation's developmentsuch as through their experiences in life .
However , there have to be a limit as to how much we spend on them so that the money can be diverted into areas like health , education and defense , which are much more important  and crucial to the country's development .
Works Cited BIBLIOGRAPHY Ministry of Finance .
(2009) .
Budget 2009: Expenditure Overview .
Retrieved from Budget 2009: Expenditure Overview , Ministry of Health: http://www .singaporebudget .gov .sg/expenditure_overview/moh .html BIBLIOGRAPHY Ministry of Finance .
(2009) .
Budget 2009: Expenditure Overview .
Retrieved from Budget 2009: Expenditure Overview , Ministry of Education: http://www .singaporebudget .gov .sg/expenditure_overview/moe .html BIBLIOGRAPHY Ministry of Finance .
(2009) .
Budget 2009: Expenditure Overview .
Retrieved from Budget 2009: Expenditure Overview , Ministry of Defense: http://www .singaporebudget .gov .sg/expenditure_overview/mindef .html
Due to the ageing of the baby-boomers and the lower fertility rates in the first-world countries , the unprecedented problem of a fast ageing population has become governments' and policy markers' concern in the developed world .
And Singapore , as one of the developed countries having one of the fastest elderly populations in the world , which had around 235 ,000 elderly population aged 65 year old and above (or7% of the population) in 1999 while this figure being going to reach 796 ,000 (or19% of the population) by the year 2030 (Committee on Ageing Issues , n .d .) , needs to face this serious challenge and ease the negative impact on society .
The final objective of "Successful Ageing for Singapore" (Committee on Ageing Issues , n .d .) , which has been brought up by Committee on Ageing Issues (CAI) established in Dec 2004 and representing from the various sectors in Singapore like the people , private and government , is to ensure that at the individual level , elder Singaporeans should be healthy , active and secure , as well as that all levels of society are well prepared to face an ageing Singapore with challenges and opportunities .
With approaching this goal , current research and development/ policies , to a large extent , have helped to ease the aging process in different fields , like psychology , medicine , etc .
On the other hand , the situation of the fast ageing population in Singapore is still rigorous , even with various research and development/ policies .
However , there is one thing , which should be faced , that although such tend of a fast ageing population is unlikely to be reversed in a short term; much can still be done to buffer its negative impact on society .
In the area of psychology , the effort refers to the individuals' and society's values , perceptions , together with attitudes of ageing and the elder person .
Positive orientations , ones which will encourage society to maximize the great potential and resource that senior citizens stand for , will be adopted .
Furthermore , in order to bring out a brainstorm and change mindsets of elderly , a systematic year-round public education (PE) program (Committee on Ageing Issues , n .d .) should be conducted , instead of a week-long activity driven by a citizen-led committee , to infuse a culture of personal responsibility and lifelong planning for old age .
Public spending on the aged has been rising rapidly  because people need more health care as they grow older .
This has been a major concern for the government because such massive yet increasing spending on the aged would mean a high possibility of economic and fiscal crisis for the near future (Public Sector HealthCare Roundtable , 2009) .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited to a certain extent , not only to avoid the high possibility of economic crisis in the near future , but also to divert the resources to other areas such as education and infrastructure development , which are essential for the economic growth of a country .
In addition , education also plays a crucial role for the wealth and future development of a country .
For instance , education teaches us the correct attitude and courtesy , thus making us civilized .
In addition , it assists us in the development of our virtues and values , and it also cultivates us into mature individuals , who are capable of planning for our futures and taking the correct steps .
When  people are well-educated , the advancement of a country's economy will be promised (Manali Oak , 2008) .
Education at the secondary and tertiary level will prepare  students to be efficient when they enter the working society , by equipping them with the necessary knowledge and essential skills .
When the efficiency of the workforce is high , it will benefit the economic growth of the country  .
Therefore , public spending on education should not be compromised due to the ageing population .
Infrastructure development affects the economic progression of a country; therefore , it should not be overlooked .
For example , the accumulation of deficit incurred by the American public infrastructure over the past several decades has resulted in a variety of infrastructure bottlenecks-traffic congested roads , clogged ports , and an antiquated air traffic system , which undercut the economy's efficiency  .
This clearly shows that if a country were to neglect its infrastructure development , it will affect the economy greatly .
Infrastructures that are designed and built for tourists will be a significant source of revenue for the country; hence , appropriate amount of public spending should be incorporated to develop such infrastructures .
For instance , the Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation in New Delhi said that by increasing public investment in infrastructure development , it would then attract more private investment (PTI , 2006) .
This would mean more income will be generated .
Therefore , infrastructure development is a crucial segment that affects a country's wealth .
In conclusion , public spending on the elderly should be limited , so as to divert the money into other areas such as education and infrastructure which are essential for the country's economy .
Public spending on the aged can be reduced by increasing the retirement age , or stressing filial obligation .
The government should divert the money into education to equip the people with the right attitude and working skills , so as to ensure  stable economic growth for the country .
Governments should spend sufficiently on infrastructure development because public infrastructure deficit will cause the economy to be less efficient .
On the other hand , public spending in infrastructure development attracts more private investment; hence generating greater income .
If a country neglects other aspects such as education and infrastructure development , but over focuses  on public spending on the aged , its economy will suffer drastically .
One of the government economic policies which is successful is the Central Provident Fund (CPF) scheme .
This is a "national social security fund which was established in 1955 as a form of funded retirement savings plan"  (Mehta) .
Singaporeans are required to deposit a certain amount of their salaries into their CPF accounts .
"Employers are also required to contribute 16% of the employee's salary into the employee's account"  (Mehta) .
The contribution rates differ according to age and income of between 8%to33% .
Compared to other countries , Singapore has a much higher rate of contribution .
Some people might complain that the CPF is ripping away so much of their money that they do not have enough  to spend .
However , this is the main purpose of CPF --- to save and reduce on spending .
The high saving rate is to enable the elderly to support themselves in old ageand to provide  for old-age dependency .
Some other people might say that CPF savings is not enough to provide for their  retired lives .
Nonetheless , it is up to the individuals to plan  their  personal savings for their future as the CPF is just a way to help those who might not have planned their savings for oldage .
This is the intention of the government to protect its people .
All in all , though  the government economic policies have some flaws , the policies have  done much  in making the lives of elderly citizens of Singapore easier and more comfortable .
Hence , the government financial policies are  successful  .
Bibliography
BIBLIOGRAPHY FAQs on Policies .
(n .d .) .
Retrieved 9 17 , 2009 , from Ministry of Health Singapore: http://www .pqms .moh .gov .sg/apps/fcd_faqmain .aspx ?qst=2fN7e274RAp%2bbUzLdEL/mJu3ZDKARR3p5Nl92FNtJid64FWgi%2bU5x8t/g6KHJg1iQuQWlFbHLxhZBSpfaWqSQeXsn5dJFyvrtfpEQ2/8p1glaxqmmJ41We82%2bdTr3XKYIX39CvhPf8wN2S29cakWQMCp6A6y1pPAlvHg7GezRGI9A7UExA7BUhMoZO7W/Xm7fDMm Healthcare Financing - ElderShield .
(n .d .) .
Retrieved 9 18 , 2009 , from Ministry of Health Singapore: http://www .moh .gov .sg/mohcorp/hcfinancing .aspx ?id=310
Koh , D . G . (n .d .) .
Caring For An Ageing Population: A Call for More Geriatric Training Among Family Physicians  .
Retrieved 9 17 , 2009 , from College Of Family Physicians Singapore: http://www .cfps .org .sg/sfp/28/284/sfp77 .pdf Mehta , K . K . (n .d .) .
Chapter 5: National Policies on Ageing and Long Term Care in Singapore - A Case of Cautious Wisdom ?
Retrieved 9 17 , 2009 , from International Development Research Centre: http://www .idrc .ca/en/ev-28477-201-1-DO_TOPIC .html
"Between now and 2030 , Singapore will witness an unprecedented profound age shift .
The number of residents aged 65 years or older will multiply threefold from current 300 ,000 to 900 ,000 in 2030 .
By then , one out of every five residents will be a senior ."
(Executive summary , Committee on Ageing Issues: Report on the Ageing Population) Thus , an outcry of more spending on the aged is rising in Singapore .
However , government should limit the spending on the aged due to the ageing issues requires help and also largely depended on other areas of the country .
aging issueslimitthe safetytake the problem for granted ,responsibilitiesenoughwould ruinneglected , of which arenLimiting l not be able to be solved in a short per of time .
And the public should not not to totallynd the gothe governmento all the responsibilities .
The ility of the government is lim and the focus of the government should be placed on the fre of the country instead of just one group of people .
Instead , the public itself should take a major role in ageing issues and work togethof to solve this long term difficulties .
In  Singapore , ageing population is a major issue that the nation has to deal with , considering the fact that 315 ,800 of the population were at the age of 65 and above in 2008 (Annex .
A); and  that figure will only continue to increase , judging from the constant increment in the median age of our population since 1998  (Statistics 2009) .
It is clear  that public spending on the ageing population is essential .
However , the argument is that there cannot be unlimited public spending directly targeted at the aged because there are other major concerns with the economy and society that the government of Singapore has to deal with .
By placing an unlimited amount of public spending directly targeted at the aged , the government will be neglecting  economical , social and political issues which in a way , act as platforms for achieving better living conditions for the aged  .
There is absolutely nothing wrong in allocating a bulk of the public funds to the aged .
The yearly Singapore Budget Speech actually recognizes the fact that someone has to make a policy  to justify  the  amount of public spending in peace times or states of emergency (Gerald P . O'Driscoll , 2002) .
In addition , from the economic perspective , Singapore will never be a leading nation if there is no control  over public spending  .
Bibliography
Gerald P . O'Driscoll , Jr . , Kim R . Holmes , and Melanie Kirkpatrick .
"In Singapore: Government squanders savings  ."
2000 Index of Economic Freedom Report , 2002 .
Kei , Chan Yiu .
U .S . Commercial Service .
2009 . http://www .buyusa .gov/asianow/seducation .html (accessed September 12 , 2009)
Peterson , Peter G . "A Graying World: The Dangers of Global Aging ."
Harvard International Review , 2001: 66-70 .
Statistics , Singapore Department of .
"Yearbook of Statistics Singapore , 2009 ."
Statistics Singapore .
June 26 , 2009 . http://www .singstat .gov .sg/pubn/reference/yos09/statsT-indicators .pdf (accessed September 11 , 2009) .
"Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development ."
I do not totally agree with the statement .
A country's developments should be all-rounded but it should not be achieved at the expense of the health care for the elderly in the society .
First and foremost , the elderly are financially vulnerable in the society and need  public funding for their health care .
Though Peterson  (2001) maintains that the elderly could depend less on  public spending by seeking employment or depending more on their families , such a method of reducing and limiting elder dependency is not feasible .
Being old does not mean the loss of health for the elderly , yet there  are  social prejudices against the elderly when they seek for employment at their age .
In this competitive age , employers will tend to favour the non-elderly over the elderly as the latter are nearly retired and often associated with  diseases .
In addition , people are having lesser , if not , no children these days .
In 2008 , Singapore's birth rate was 1 .28 , well below the 2 .1 mark which is needed to meet the future requirements of the Singapore's development .
Such a societal trend reduces the possibility of the elderly tapping on filial obligation from their children to support them in  future .
Therefore , such unfavourable trends continue to place the elderly in need of  public support for their health care .
Public support for the health for the aged is for a real cause .
Hence ,  public spending on the healthcare of the aged should be carried out flexibly and should not be viewed as a hindrance to the development and progress of a nation .
Public spending on the aged has been the topic of argument in parliaments across the world as it occupies a significant sum of a developed society's annual budget .
It is mainly a question of how much healthcare provision , grants and subsidies , regardless medical or other forms , should be given to help the poor aged to survive .
It interferes with the sum of money allocated to develop the country in other ways .
Should public spending on the aged make way for the country's development on all other areas ?
However , regardless how much the economy is growing , not every person is going to accumulate enough wealth for their old age .
There is a gap between the rich and the poor .
The rich is going to have a wealthy and comfortable life in their post-retirement but the poor is going to struggle with their daily lives paying for the necessary service bills , medical bills and  food .
Elderly who are poor  and who have no children or whose children have deserted them are only going to live on their depleting savings .
If their savings ran out , they would face difficulty acquiring income as their abated bodies may prevent them from finding a job .
They would end up living on the streets if no help were given to them .
Furthermore , these elderly cannot afford expensive medical bills .
Hence , help is heavily needed from the government to keep the poor aged alive .
Grants and subsidies should be given for health check-ups and medical treatments .
Everyday provision of living facilities and food is also needed for those who are poor  , as we should not leave them on the streets .
Hence spending on the aged should not be severely limited .
The aged have work very hard to develop our country in every way and they deserve a good rest for the rest of their lives .
It's ethically not right to leave them on the streets or not to relieve them from the unaffordable medical fees  , just because they have become incapable of contributing to  society .
It is also against human rights to leave a helpless person to be tortured by illnesses and then leave him to die .
Selfishness and cruelly will develop in society when we decide to leave the aged to fend for themselves .
Selfishness undermines unity and cooperation which ultimately will lead to the failure of a society .
Cruelty leads to insensitivity towards death and violence , which may link to increased crime rates .
Hence , if we focused too much on pushing  forward our economy and progress and neglect to take care of our aged , we might just lose  our values  .
By limiting public spending on the aged , there is most likely to be  more old people struggling with medical fees .
It is ethically not right and impractical to limit public spending on the aged to spend on other areas of development .
"Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development ."
As each year passes , there seems to be an increase on public spending for the aged .
This seems to be a very popular trend , as a lot of developed countries , such as Spain and the United States of America , tend to increase their public Spending on the elderly .
Public spending is very essential to a country's development , and should be utilised sensibly .
spending on the aged should be limited so that the money can be diverted to other sectors of the country's development  , like public transportation or the army .
4 .
Wijaya , Megawati .
"Singapore faces a 'silver tsunami'" Asia Times .
Asia Times Online , 27 Aug . 2009 .
Web .
16 Sept . 2009 .
<http://www .atimes .com/atimes/Southeast_Asia/KH27Ae01 .html> .
5 .
Zolla , Kristen .
"Air Pollution/Transportation ."
Singapore .
1996 .
Web .
14 Sept . 2009 .
<http://www .colby .edu/personal/t/thtieten/air-sing .html> .
Public transportation is one area that could be improved if a country limited its spending on the elderly and raised its spending for the former .
The major problem with public transportation in this country is that it is privately owned and the fares are ridiculously high .
"The privatization of public transport has not delivered the improved service standards nor shorter arrival times , while fares have been increasing based on the justification that being private transport operators , they are not charity and need to make profit for their shareholders ."
(Cheong , 2008) .
According to a Singapore census held in 2000 , around 52% of Singaporeans go to work using public transportation .
That is a staggering figurebecause over half the population uses public transportation , and yet the conditions are  poor and the are high .
This  seems very unreasonable .
The Government can play a major role in creating a solution to this problem .
If they limited the amount being spent on the elderly , they can use their money to  buy back the public transportation , and provide reasonable fares to the public  .
Another thing they can do is improve the conditions of the buses .
Pollution is a growing concern to the environment , as observed by Zolla (1996): "small land area of the central business district led to severe traffic conditions including congestion , reduced traffic speeds , and environmental problems ."
Some of the buses used outside the city are fairly old , and unless they are disposed and substituted by newerbuses ,  the environment is in danger .
These are some reasons why limiting public spending on the aged could contribute to the development of the country .
Another way the government could use  public spending more effectively is to spend more on the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , which is also known as the MCYS .
By limiting the money being spent on the aged , the government could help a very important sector in the MCYS .
The Ministry's main mission is "to build a cohesive and resilient society .
MCYS seeks to fulfill its mission by fostering socially responsible individuals , strong and stable families , a caring and active community , inspired and committed youth , and a sporting people ."
The main thing here is that they support families .
.
The most important aim here is to build strong and stable families .
In that way the elderly have their families to look after them .
And if for some reason the younger ones in the family do not help their elders ,  they can be sued under the "Maintenance of Parents Act , which allows parents to sue their children for financial support ."
(Wijaya , 2009) .
This policy clearly shows why the government should limit its spending on the elderly , and spread it around to other more useful sectors .
To conclude , it would be very wise of the government to limit its spending on the aged , and to divert the money to other areas of the country's development .
There are a lot of sectors more deserving of the moneythat could be beneficiary to both the young and old , like improving the public transportation in the country .
Bibliography:
1 .
"Cencus ."
Statistics Singapore .
Singapore Government , 15 Sept . 2009 .
Web .
16 Sept . 2009 .
<http://www .singstat .gov .sg/pubn/catalogue .html#census> .
2 .
Cheong , Alice .
"Why will public transport not be taken over by government ."
Alice Cheong in Wonderland .
11 Mar .
2008 .
Web .
12 Sept . 2009 .
<http://blog .alicecheong .com/ ?p=254> .
3 .
"Expenditure Overview ."
Singapore Budget .
Government of Singapore , 9 Mar .
2007 .
Web .
14 Sept . 2009 .
<http://www .mof .gov .sg/budget_2007/expenditure_overview/mcys .html> .
In the recent years , global aging issues are of significant concern .
The population in many developed countries is aging , and Singapore is no exception .
If fertility rate does not increase , these issues will worsen , as the average age of the population will increase .
If this trend continues , by 2030 ,  one out of every five Singaporeans will be  65 years old or above .
The aging population will definitely cause a great impact on the society .
Over the years , the new researches , developments and policies in Singapore have definitely helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
And as far as these developments and policies are concerned , ageing workforce and the cost for elderly healthcare are  important factors that the government has to look into .
By looking into these factors , the country can greatly decrease the impact of the liabilities these elderly have on the country .
To prevent the older generations from being a burden to younger generations , the Singapore government has come up with several policies and acts which allow the elderly to stay in the workforce for a longer period of time .
One of the acts enforced is the Retirement Act .
Under this act , the minimum retirement age in Singapore is 62 years old , and thus  allowing the elderly to stay longer in the workforce .
This can be beneficial to them in several ways .
Firstly , they can accumulate more wealth through their work , of which they can then use it to support themselves in their old age .
Secondly , working provides them with a good environment to maintain and even build up their physical and mental health .
This is made possible through communication with their colleagues , which can help them to stay optimistic .
Thirdly , by working longer , they may also help to ease the financial stress of their family members .
Another worry that arises is the cost for health matters .
An ageing population with higher life expectancy is also associated with higher numbers of chronic and other medical conditions .
To help families in Singapore cope with the extensive treatment cost , the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports (MCYS) has come up with services and programmes that provide affordable healthcare and eldercare services .
MCYS have both intermediate and long-term healthcare facilities .
Intermediate healthcare facilities include community hospitals , day rehabilitation centres for the elderly , and long-term healthcare facilities include hospices , home medical , nursing or therapy services and nursing homes .
These facilities mostly cater to the needs of families with financial difficulties .
However , some Singaporeans have the mind set that these services and programmes are not of utmost importance to them as they  have their own medisave account to pay for their hospitalization bills .
Some  Singaporeans might not think that later retirement is a good idea .
For example , companies might think that it is  a burden to hire an elderly worker , as he or she might not be able to cope with the stress and workload  .
There are also worries about the health status of the elderly workers .
Therefore , they would rather hire a worker with higher qualifications , who is more competent , and most importantly , younger .
However , little did they know that the medisave account might be exhausted after a week .
Associate Professor Paulin Straughan said: "One hospitalization , for example , a stroke can set you back at tens of thousands of dollars .
Where are you going to get that money ?"
(Associate Professor Paulin Straughan , 2009) .
Therefore , without the help and support from welfare organizations such as MCYS , majority of Singaporeans might not be able to handle the high cost incurred for taking care of the elderly .
Also , when companies hire a worker , have they ever taken into consideration that experience does play a part in the working society ?
Without the past contributions from these elderly workers , these companies might not be able to be where they are today .
Therefore , it is important that companies try to retain elderly workers , especially when the Singapore government will provide incentives for them when they do so .
Infrastructure is one of the areas that the government can develop  .
More railway lines can be built to allow easy accessibility  from one location to another .
Expanding the railway line will  reduce the time spent on traveling  .
It focuses on the general public as a whole , which rangesanging from the young to the elderly and handicapped rather than mainly on the aged .
However , as construction is in progress , it often causes high pollution level and is unsightly .
But , the ultimate aim of investing expenditure on such a large scale project is to increase the standard of living of people .
Another instance could be the upgrading of roads to cater to the increasing number of vehicles , and to reduce road congestion .
It also facilitates  driving within Singapore by making it smoother and providing alternatives roads , which were lesser as compared to the past .
We may also have noticed that our buildings are often undergoing maintenance and upgrading , as it is part of the government's scheme to maintain the condition of buildings , minimizing the wear and tear after years and most importantly to create a better environment for the public to live in .
The above mentioned could be another area to which the government can divert their expenditure  .
Education is another area that the government should focus on as it aids in the development of the country .
The government can invest in additional amenities in schools , such as gymnasiums; swimming pools; and indoor sports halls  , so as to provide a conducive environment for the students .
Besides that , expenditure can be channeled into increasing the subsidies in education to encourage people to study .
When people are educated , they will be able  to contribute to the workforce in the near future .
In conclusion , although money spent on the elderly can ease the problem of an aging population , it is only effective for a short term and is not a feasible solution .
It will only create more reliance on the government .
Therefore , we should take into consideration the problems that we will encounter in the long run .
By investing enormously in the aged , other areas of developments for the country will be neglected  , and this will result in more social problems .
Hence , spending on the aged should be restricted  so that  resources  can be divided equally based on the needs of the various sectors .
There should be a limitation on  public spending for the aged .
Over the years , the expenditure on the aged has relatively increased due to a shift towards an aging population .
This is mainly due to the increasing needs of healthcare and welfare services for the elderly .
Should more public spending be used to cater for  the ageing population ?
We need to consider other  sectors   development for the country .
Providing better healthcare and welfare services is more important than before due to the ageing population  .
Policies change over time according to the needs of the elderly  .
As people are enjoying  higher life expectancy today , more spending is expected to provide better healthcare facilities and other services for the aged .
It is observed that in certain countries that are faced with aging population problem , there is an significant increase in hospitalization rates as well as physician services over the years .
However , the increased health costs should not be borne solely by the government .
People are more educated and can work longer to  support themselves today .
Furthermore , to stimulate economic growth , the government needs to work out carefully  the national budget allocated different sectors in the country .
Therefore , we need to consider other government expenditures such as education , infrastructure as well as research and evelopment (R&D) .
The needs of a country will  constantly change according to the fluctuation of the economy .
Even though public spending on the aged has increased due to the shift towards an increasingly population , there should be a limit on this spending so as to divert the assets for developing other areas .
The educated aged group  should also be able to   plan for themselves in terms of  healthcare and social services .
The proportion of public spending on  various sectors should be divided properly in order to promote economic growth and maintain a sustainable development for the country .
As fertility rates remain stagnant , many countries are experiencing aging populations .
Governments have thought of many measures  to help improve the aging population situation .
They have invested time and money to research on policies that can help solve the aging population crisis .
Since such a trend is  likely to happen in the short run , much has been done to buffer its negative impact on society .
Therefore , I agree to a large extent , that current research developmentand policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Demographic changes such as a growing population will have  serious consequences on health issues in developed countries .
National budgets and economies will come under pressure as growing numbers of elderly persons are supported by relatively fewer younger persons .
To deal with such challenges , governments have only two options , and one of which is to reduce the future old-age dependency burden by increasing available resources .
This means coming up with policies that can increase the size and productivity of the current and next generation's working-age population .
Alternatively , governments can reduce the amount of money spent on welfare benefits for the elderly .
Firstly , elderly dependency should be reduced by encouraging the elderly to retire later , and by lowering barriers to elder employment .
This can be achieved by increasing the eligibility age for public pensions and government incentives .
As people work longer , the amount of wealth generated would be greater .
If they retired at a younger age , the amount of people left in the work industry would be lesser , resulting in a higher dependency ratio .
By lowering the barriers and making it easier for the elderly to be employed , more elderly people would have jobs and would be able to generate income for the country .
For example , the retirement age in Singapore and Britain used to be 60 and 65 respectively .
However , as of today , the retirement age of Singaporeans has been increased to 62 , and that of Britain is expected to be increased to 68 by 2050 .
This would lead to smaller dependency ratios for both countries , thus lightening the burden on the working class .
The size of today's economy and tax base can also be increased by encouraging greater productivity among the non-elderly .
This can be achieved by sourcing foreign talents from other counties to immigrate to Singapore to contribute to our labour force .
The revenue of the country would in turn increase and the government can use it for other investment and research purposes .
Therefore , the government has been granting permanent residency (PR) status and citizenships more freely than before , as well as providing incentives such as tax rebates to attract foreign companies to invest in Singapore's economy .
The Foreign Talent Policy would thus result in a larger workforce and ultimately lead to increased revenue for the country .
Secondly ,  healthcare for the society is very important .
As the society is facing an aging population problem , the retirement age would increase .
Older people tend to have more health problems and need more medical attention .
They tend to see the doctor more often .
By providing medical benefits and asking them to go for checkups every year , the number of elderly with severe health problems can be reduced .
The government should also spend more money on finding cures for common illnesses that old people are inflicted with .
These measures would ensure that medical problems are treated early and more effectively , thus contributing to a healthier workforce and ultimately , a more productive labour force .
For example , in Singapore , citizens are encouraged to go for medical checkups every year and various medical benefits are provided so as to ensure that our workforce stays healthy and efficient .
However , some may argue that the topic on "health" is very subjective as everyone's body condition is very different .
It is very hard to predict when your body system will malfunction .
The check up could only allow you to have early detection of your illness .
It does not guarantee the recovery from  illness .
Therefore they argue that more and more money would be spent on researching  new technologies to cure the illnesses .
However , research has shown that for many diseases like diabetes , kidney failure , heart diseases and so forth , the chances of recovery are much higher if the disease were diagnosed in the early stages .
Therefore , the opponent's argument does not stand .
In conclusion , I feel that no matter how much research is being done , it will not completely solve the aging problem .
It only helps to alleviate the problems caused by an ageing population .
The only way to really solve this problem is to increase the birth rate of the country .
Only by having  more children will the  burden be spread over a larger and more affluent future generation .
Therefore , I conclude that although current research and development and policies have helped to ease the aging process to a large extent ,  they have not managed to fully solve the problem .
With the decline of fertility rate in recent years , statistics have shown that in Singapore , the ratio of younger persons aged 15-64 to every resident aged 65 and above fell from 10 .4 in 1998 to 7 .5 in 2009 .
This would suggest an imbalance in the population ratio of number of young person to the number of older people .
As a result , Singapore will face the dangers of an aging population .
Hence ,  public spending on the aged will increase .
At the same time , with the rising economy ,  national expenditure would eventually increase .
However , focusing solely on the aged population would not be the best approach .
The government should also focus on other areas that contribute to the development of the country , such as education , technology , military and research and development (R&D) .
This is because there is still a need to contribute to the country's economic growth   to sustain the well-being of its people .
The government can limit its expenditure on the medical fees for the older population and use the money to invest in the education of the younger population and develop the country .
Community centres can organise more activities to encourage the older generation to exercise and stay healthy .
This would  decrease the percentage of them being sick and also help them to build  healthier and happier lifestyles .
However , too much help from the government can lead to its people being too dependent on the government .
This would result in  the lack of motivation to work .
Therefore , the government can introduce policies to encourage its people to invest in their future during the early stages of their lives .
This is to ensure that when they do not have the ability to work anymore , they will still be able to support themselves without much help from the government .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should have a limit .
This will allow the people to learn to be more independent in supporting themselves when they retire .
This would not only benefit the nation's development but also improve its the well-being of its people .
Furthermore , better education for the younger generation would lead  .
Even though there is a need to support the aged , the efficiency of the country should not be compromised .
Due to the advancement in technologies and the implementation of efficacy policies by the Singapore government , the problems that accompanied the aging process have been alleviated to a large extent .
Take for instance , in the past , due the lack of current research and developments available , most elderly who were diagnosed with illnesses were unlikely to recover and in most cases , they would have to stay in bed for the rest of their lives .
Furthermore , in the past , elderly  spinsters and bachelors of whom they have no family members to turn to in their old age , often faced financial problems after they have stopped working .
However , unlike the past , most elderly now are coping well with the aging process  physically , economically and mentally .
As indicated in the statistics pertaining to the health status of the senior citizens ( National Survey of Senior Citizens , 2005) , it is stated that "among senior citizens aged 55 and above , only 35 .8% reported to have a clean bill of health ."
As such , it would seem that despite the great advancement in the area of medical technologies , a substantial percentage of the elderly is still suffering from medical ailments such as high blood pressure , bone or joint problems , diabetes and sight problems .
This may suggest that the current medical technologies have not helped to ease the aging process .
3 .
National Survey of Senior Citizens 2005 .
Singapore Statistics .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .mcys .gov .sg/MCDSFiles/Resource/Materials/NSSC%202005 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .mcys .gov .sg/MCDSFiles/Resource/Materials/NSSC%202005 .pdf]
4 .
Older Adult Mental Wellbeing , Dealing with Grief .
Health Promotion Board .
September 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .healthymind .sg/elderly .aspx ?id=626}[HYPERLINK: http://www .healthymind .sg/elderly .aspx ?id=626]
5 .
Understanding End-Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) .
Electronic Reference .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .nkfs .org/index .php ?option=com_content&task=view&id=72&Itemid=101}[HYPERLINK: http://www .nkfs .org/index .php ?option=com_content&task=view&id=72&Itemid=101]
Although , in today's context , around 66% of the senior citizens aged 55 and above are provided with regular cash contributions from their children( National Survey of Senior Citizens , 2005) , there is still a significant number of senior citizens who faced financial difficulties in their old age , especially if these senior citizens are retired singles .
Hence , in order to aid the elderly through the aging process , the Singapore government has implemented several policies and measures to ensure that there is adequate protection for the elderly .
One good illustration would be the new CPF LIFE scheme (Introduction to CPF life) that will be launched in September 2009 .
Under this new scheme , it will offer members with a life-time income whereby the members will receive a sum of money monthly for as long as they live and the amount will depend on the cash savings they have in their Retirement Account .
Furthermore , besides ensuring that the elderly will have sufficient funds for their living expenses after their retirement , the Singapore government also ensures that the elderly are able to cope with the hefty and long term medical expenses in their old age through the implementation of policies such as the Eldershield (Healthcare Financing , year) .
"ElderShield is an affordable severe disability insurance scheme which provides basic financial protection to those who needs long-term care , especially during old age" (citation) .
Thus , the elderly will be able to draw on the monthly payout to aid in paying for his or her long-term care expenses .
Hence , with the implementation of such policies , majority of the financial difficulties that the senior citizens faced in their old age would be alleviated .
The elderly would be able to rely on the monthly payouts from the various schemes to cope with their everyday lives even if they had stopped working .
Lastly , the grieving process (Old Adult Mental Wellbeing , Health Promotion Board , year) is part and parcel of the aging process whereby for the elderly , it is more common for them to lose their family members and friends in their old age and thus , this makes each single loss even more unbearable .
However , with the current developments and advanced medical help available , these sufferings would be reduced .
The healing process will only start if the elderly are willing to seek and accept support from various sources .
For instance , one such facility development of which the elderly would be able to seek help from would be the REACH Elderly Care Centre  , where the elderly would be able to receive day care , supervision and supportive help .
In addition , the place also serves to offer ample opportunities for the senior citizens to mingle with other people and take on meaningful activities so that they would be healthier  both mentally and physically .
Furthermore , with the advancement in medical sciences ,  the elderly can also seek professional help such as consulting the therapists and psychologists to assist them in getting over the grieving process , if the intensity of the grief does not fade off after a long period of time .
As such , with the different types of facilities and medical developments available , the elderly no longer have to suffer in silence .
This further substantiates the fact that current research and development have indeed helped to ease the aging process .
Bibliography
1 .
Healthcare Financing , CPF LIFE .
Ministry of Health .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .moh .gov .sg/mohcorp/hcfinancing .aspx ?id=310}[HYPERLINK: http://www .moh .gov .sg/mohcorp/hcfinancing .aspx ?id=310]
2 .
Introduction to CPF LIFE .
Central Provident Fund .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from {http://mycpf .cpf .gov .sg/NR/rdonlyres/F540570D-A107-488F-A295-67E128643210/0/CPFLIFE_FAQ .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://mycpf .cpf .gov .sg/NR/rdonlyres/F540570D-A107-488F-A295-67E128643210/0/CPFLIFE_FAQ .pdf]
The Singapore population comprises  its citizens and permanent residents .
Between the year 1947 and 1964 ,  approximately 1 million babies were born .
.
These baby-boomers will reach 65 years old by 2012 and form the largest aged population that Singapore has ever experienced .
Therefore , the government of Singapore should not limit public spending on the aged .
Singapore is a developed country where the government has already spent millions on the country's development .
Having established that public spending on the aged should not be limited , other aspects of government spending , however , should not be neglected  .
Money could be diverted to tourism and military uses ,  as these may be  crucial areas  that require public spending .
Money could be diverted to the tourism industry where it plays a key role in contributing to the country's income .
According to the Singapore Tourism Board , Singapore achieved a record of 9 .7 million visitors in 2006 , from 8 .9 million in 2005 , and is hoping to achieve a target of 17 million visitors by 2015 .
In order to achieve the target , Singapore has recently invested a substantial amount of money into the  development of the two integrated resorts in order to remain competitive among Asian countries and other popular tourist attractions .
The Integrated Resort is one of the many strategies that Singapore adopts to generate more economic growth and boost the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) .
Compared to the many areas of development , military defense is among one of the important  because it serves as a deterrent to protect a country's sovereignty .
Money spent on purchasing weapons and armours is necessary to ensure that the military men of the nation are well-equipped in an event when war occurs .
In addition , money could also be expended on local or overseas training to ensure that the military men are trained with relevant knowledge to defend the country .
There are many areas where public spending should be used for a country's development .
In developed countries like Singapore and Japan where ageing population is an issue , the importance of public spending on the aged can outweigh that of other aspects .
On the other hand , developing countries may invest most of their public spending on infrastructure instead of on the aged because economic development is likely to be their primary objective .
It would be unwise to limit healthcare spending on the aged since different countries have different needs .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should not be limited  .
Instead , the government should allow its public spending on the aged to hover at certain percentage .
However , such approaches will  not remove the root cause of the problem .
In addition , it will generate the idea that it is okay not to look after the elderly as the government will step in and provide the elderly a to stay .
This  will only encourage more infilial children to neglect their elderly parents .
Hence ,  sustainable solutions to the aging problem  start with  the children who are supposed to be taking care of them .
The root cause starts with children who have no wish to take care of their parents .
This can be due to many reasons .
One of which is the lack of financial income .
Japan is known to have many homeless elderly and by analyzing  the country' performance , it is known that Japan has the highest expenses among many countries .
Besides the cultural aspect , this gives us a slight indication that the people there may have problem handling their finance .
In Singapore , this is especially true for people who fall under the sandwich generation that have to pay for the expenses of their children and  parents .
Taxpayers' money  can be used to generate more jobs and higher income for the people , resulting in better economic growth .
In this way , the children will have better financial means to take care of their parents .
Educating the society on aging issue helps in the long run .
Just like  isues such as  smoking and yellow ribbon , the issue of aging  should be highlighted in the country .
This approach not only brings awareness to the people , but also educates  the people on what will happen to the elderly when they are being neglected .
Understanding the issue will change the way the society thinks about aging elderly , taking it to the level of humanity instead of practicality .
Laws should also be implemented  to help control the issue of the elderly being neglected .
Fine should be made on families that neglect their parents .
Laws should not be made severe , as there are also many reasons to why one has to neglect their elders .
Issues like financial problems and time allowance may prevent one from taking care of their elderly .
.
In this way ,   the welfare of the elderly will be taken care of by their families and the number of homeless elderly will be lessened .
In a nutshell , public spending should be  wisely used to provide aids to the elderly .
Instead of giving help directly to the  elderly , the government should tackle the root of the problemby getting the people  to take care of their elderly parents .
This can be done by improving on the economy , educating the young on the importance of taking care of the elderly and implementing laws  .
These approaches may not produce immediate effects , but they are useful for the future generations .
I strongly agree with the sixth strategy which suggests people to provide in advance for their own old-age dependency .
In my opinion , this is the most useful method to reduce the fiscal and economic cost .
That is also why so many countries are engaging in setting up effective systems to encourage or compel people to save money for later use .
For instance , China has developed a complete system which requires people to turn over some money every year according to the individual income and willingness .
Then when they are old they can receive corresponding care and living expenses .
This policy is implemented smoothly , since both the government and citizens can benefit from it .
It not only lightens the burden of government but also brings security to citizens' later use .
To certain extent , it also can inspire individual enthusiasm for work .
However , some people insist that the government should take the responsibility to look after the old people by increasing the pension and promoting the funding of the programs for the elderly , for they have engaged themselves in the development of their countries and deserve the care and respect .
In my perspective , it may not be practical especially for the developing countries with large population .
It not only cannot solve the problem effectively but also may lead the national budgets and economic to come under great pressure .
All in all encouraging people to set aside some money for themselves is the most wisdom method .
Throughout the years , the issue of aging has become a tremendous challenge for the developed countries .
Due to an increase in the standard of living , better medical treatment is available and this has caused the life expectancy of the people to increase .
People are marrying later in life and this has caused a fall in the fertility rate .
Young people are now faced with the insurmountable task of supporting an ever increasing population of the aged .
As a result , public spending on the aged has been on the increase .
Some may think that it is a waste of the taxpayers' money to fund such a spending as there can be no potential benefits to be reaped .
However is this the correct attitude to hold towards the elderly ?
Should we hold back the aid for the aged who had contributed to the country's success ?
That shouldn't be the case .
This essay will argue that public spending on the aged should not be limited to a large extent .
It will touch on the moral issues inherent and also argue that it is actually detrimental to a country's future if its aged are not well taken care of , even if the money saved by limiting public spending on the elderly is spent developing other areas such as education and research and development .
At first glance , spending on education may seem to be more important than aiding the elderly as what we teach the youths will determine the future of the nation .
An education provides a platform for the youths to face the challenges in the future .
When faced with difficult decisions , the analytical skills learnt in school will help us to determine how to deal with these problems .
Hence , for a small country such as Singapore of which human resource is the key factor to  success , it is important that the citizens constantly upgrade themselves with the latest knowledge .
Therefore , the government should devote more capital to ensure that the education system remain relevant in today's dynamic global economy .
This certainly seems to be more important than pouring money into public spending for the elderly .
Some may say that it is more important for a country to have an excellent research and development sector than healthy , happy senior citizens .
Research and development plays an important role in the innovation process which results in high quality products and  successful businesses .
Research and development will very likely increase the levels of overseas investment as foreign multinational companies will see the country as a good place for business .
Therefore , with a strong research and development sector , a country will be more likely to succeed economically .
Again , public spending on research and development seems definitely to be more important than spending public money on the elderly .
After all , what can a group of healthy , well taken care of senior citizens bring to the country ?
Their knowledge has long become obsolete and there's not much value they can bring to a country anymore .
However , is it really true that the elderly is irrelevant to a country's development ?
This is not the case .
When the government provides sufficient money to look after the elderly , what is developed is the intangible moral value of gratitude and piety .
When a nation looks after their elderly without reservations , the lesson conveyed to its populace is that one should always look after the people who have contributed to our development .
As a result , what we learn then is to be grateful to the people who have aided us .
Such values are the essential element of the society .
It helps create strong lasting bonds between citizens and the result will be a more cohesive nation .
What about education and research and development ?
A strong education system and a strong research and development sector in a country that is not unified and chaotic will not be able to reap the benefits that they are supposed to generate .
Thus , public spending on the elderly does provide important benefits to the country and should not be limited  .
In conclusion , we should not see the elderly as a burden but an asset .
Even though other sectors such as education and research and development are important to us , we should not forget our earlier contributors .
They are the ones who build up a nation from the basic to what we have now .
Therefore , we must be grateful to those who have helped us and created a sense of belonging to everyone .
In this way , younger generation will then work harder for the nation in  future .
The baby boom in the 1960s and the current low fertility rate in Singapore has made Singapore into one of the fastest aging population in the world .
Living expenditure for the elderly has increased in terms of  rising medical costs and standard of living .
Therefore , it is necessary for the government to review the public policies for the elderly .
Essentially , the expenditure used to finance medical and welfare programs should be proportionate to the larger aging population .
The people are the assets of Singapore and they have contributed to the country's strong economic position .
As the population aged , it is the responsibility of the government to take care of its people .
Spending on the aged should not be limited .
The improvement in medical research has lengthened the life expectancy of the people .
However ,  longer life spans will inevitably incur a larger amount of long term health care expenses for the aged and the deterioration of physical mobility and communication might cause them to lose the ability to work and be self-sustained .
The situation is worse for a segment of the elderly  who are unmarried and inadequately educated .
They stand in the least advantageous position should there be a limit on  public spending on the aged because they do not have families to depend on and the depletion of their savings will eventually result in  starvation and homelessness .
Moreover , without the government's support for the elderly , the burden of caring for these elderly will fall solely on the "sandwich generation"of   individuals who will be financially responsible for their family , children and parents .
This is especially straining for individuals who are less financially well off .
In the long run , this financial responsibility may be too much for the working population to bear .
Hence , there is a need for the government to intervene by using part of the public funds to care for the aged population and ease the burden on the working population .
Singapore has invested much of our public spending on the other areas of the country's development  , like defence and the economy .
Although these areas of development are necessary for the  development of Singapore , we should not neglect the importance of public spending for the aged .
By providing more for the elderly and improvising health care polices , the government can actually improve the living conditions of the aged  , which will in turn reduce possible social issues .
Furthermore , if the government can maintain social stability in its country , it may then focus on the other aspects ,  such as defence .
Ultimately , it is the responsibility of the working population and the the government to take care of the elderly .
Other than taxation from the working population which is compulsory , it is necessary to garner support from the government to provide social welfare services , day-care centres , social support and improvisation of health systems .
Such coordination between the working population and government will benefit the aged who are concerned with the provision of welfare from the state and this will give them a sense of security .
An ageing population is a worldwide issue that is faced by all countries .
As a population gets older there are  social , political and economical impact on everyone .
The social impact would be that people  have to work harder because  the younger generations have to be more productive to make up for the elderly's low productivity .
An aging population will have a serious consequence on health issues in developed nations because more medical support will be needed by the elderly .
National budgets and economies will come under pressure as growing numbers of elderly persons are supported by relatively fewer younger persons .
It will hinder the countries' growth in the long run because more tax payers' money will be used for public spending on the aged .
However , public spending should be diverted to other areas of the countries' development , like the economy and the technological sector , which may help in prolonging and enhancing the quality of life for the elderly .
Investing in technology in the form of research and development will allow  medical advancement as well as better facilities for medical cares .
New drugs or medicine will be available for the sick elderly and more cures for diseases and sickness will be available to help the elderly This may reduce the stress on the working force in the sense that they don't have to worry about their elderly parents .
New technology or medicine to prolong and enhance the quality of life will be available for the elderly and this will reduce the stress on the working force  and in return increase its productivity  as they are more focused at work and they are able to  spend more time at work .
.
This will allow for better economical growth for the country  , which in turn means more funds for the government to spend on the elderly  .
Public spending has constantly been an issue in any nation .
Politicians and law-makers are often debating on how much money should be spent on each sector of the country .
With the rising number of elderly in an aging nation , the amount of money spent in this sector would increase as well .
However , there are other areas that require cash inflow to facilitate and push the society forward .
Such areas include the military sector , the security sector , the education sector , the research and development sector , etc .
Thus , the government should not spend too much on the elderly and neglect the rest of society .
When one grows old , his body will go through many and soon , he will not be as fast or agile as he was before .
The government steps in to make the environment more user-friendly  , which includesthe installation of  handrails along steps and stairs , the building of  gentle slopes around the housing estates and the upgrading of lifts to stop at every floor in older flats .
The elderly become more vulnerable to illnesses and diseases as they age and it would take a much longer for them to recover , unlike during their younger days .
Rising medical costs and inflation would pose  a problem for the aged , even for those who had prepared an amount of savings for their golden years .
The government would get involved once again to provide subsidies for the elderly in medical bills and so on .
http://www .dailymail .co .uk/news/article-1200862/Mumbai-terror-attack-gunman- admits-guilt-dramatic-courtroom-confession .html
Terrorism is a growing threat today as it is getting more complicated to understand the terrorists and fight them .
Constant vigilance against them will take a toll on the civil service sector such as the police and civil defense .
More research and studies would have to be done to learn about them , their thinking and their actions and how one should be prepared to fight against them .
As  terrorism spreads  , from the bombing of the Twin Towers in United States of America (NYDailyNews , ) to the Mumbai attacks (Mail Online , ) , one could see  it is becoming much tougher to fight it in the future .
Other than relying on the police and the military forces , the government has to educate the public on the dangers of terrorism and the importance in preventing them .
Research has shown that it is more cost effective to prevent than to deal with the aftermath of terrorism .
Thus the need to divert reserves into this area of development is very important .
Clearly , spending on the aged is important .
However , the government should not focus too much on this particular sector and neglect the rest .
Education will have a positive impact on the economy" .
Educating the youth who are our future pillars of support , would equip them with skills so that they can handle potential problems , which in turn could support the elderly population in the future .
Education for the older generation would also  help the economy  as they will remain competitive and up-to-date with the relevant skills and are able to support themselves for a much longer period of time .
Security and safety of the people are as important as well .
As shown , preventive measures against terrorism is a cost effective way to counter them instead of dealing with the aftermath of an attack .
As the saying goes: " it's better to be safe than sorry .
Bibliography
NY Daily News .
Electronic references .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from
http://www .nydailynews .com/topics/September%2011%20Attacks
NTUC Learning Hub , SPUR or Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience .
Electronic references .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from http://www .ntuclearninghub .com/spur .asp
Mail Online .
Electronic references .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from
Singapore was ranked third for the highest life expectancy in the world .
Before taking any  action , leaders must first realise that any further expansion of retirement benefits would only impoverish future generations and limit future public spending (Peterson , P .G .
(2001)) .
Therefore , I agree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that funds can be diverted to other areas like the Ministry of Finance , Education , Health and National Development .
Each area must not be neglected , as they have significant contributions in taking care of the aging population .
Firstly , for the Ministry of Finance  in Singapore , funds must be pumped into the economy to ensure solvency of the country .
For instance , the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) and the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) are established to make sure that entities operating within Singapore are attuned to  international standards and practices .
All these statutory boards and institutions require funds to run their operations to ensure Singapore's competitiveness .
.
For example , funds are needed to build good infrastructure and facilities for academic purposes  .
After all , the younger generations represent the future of Singapore and they will soon be the ones taking care of the aged .
Funds are also needed to provide effective educational programs to ensure that the young are equipped with fine skills to cope with the demands of the society  .
Funds are also needed  to educate the young on  moral valuesbecause moral values are the corner stone of an individual's character and personality .
Lastly , funds are needed for the Ministry of National Development to develop housing policies  and to build national parks and  neighbourhood parks  .
For the former , housing grants , subsidies , CPF schemes are used to ensure that the public could afford a flat .
Funds are also needed to build handicap facilities , for instance , ramps and the Lift Upgrading Program (LUP) .
For the latter it is especially important for the public as they can have a place for leisure .
It could be a place for all the residents in the neighbourhood to come together to interact , exercise and make friends .
This would help prevent them from experiencing loneliness and also serve as a channel for the residents to communicate and help each other in times of need .
Therefore , after considering all the factors , I agree that public spending on the aged should be limited as other factors are equally important  , such as  taking care of the public and  ensuring international competiveness and progress of the nation .
Each factor has its own way of contributing to  society as a whole and the elderly will benefit directly or indirectly from the developments as well .
Public spending must be cost effective to ensure a steady rate of returns from its investments to allow the country to develop and prosper .
Sufficient public funds are needed to develop different areas of the country which include social , economical , defence and government administration .
To ensure that there are sufficient funds for the country's development , public spending on the aged should be limited .
In order for the country to develop , funds are needed  in the retraining of the workers , expansion of the economic structure and maintenance of a high standard of education in various educational institutions .
Firstly ,  funds are needed  in retraining  the workers .
Due to globalization , the training of workers is important to develop and maintain a highly skilled workforce .
The Singapore Budget (2009) reported that the government will be spending $457 .7 million of  public fund to subsidise training programmes for working Singaporeans .
In Singapore , the Ministry of Manpower and Workforce Development Agency have developed a program called Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience or SPUR , to provide training courses at subsidized rate  .
Apart from helping population to be re-skilled ,  SPUR  also helps retrenched workers to learn new skills so that they can be reemployed and companies are able to send their personnel for training which helps to reduce retrenchments .
However , there are some older workers who are unable to attend any courses despite being to them at subsidized rates .
Dr Isa Hassan (citation) identified three factors on why older workers are not attending any courses .
Firstly , some older workers have weak command of English or are English illiterates as they are school dropouts .
This has discouraged them from attending the training course as it is conducted in English .
Secondly , older workers have little time to attend training courses .
Some older workers are earning minimal wages  , and thus they have to take a second  or part time job to boost their income earning .
Lastly , the older workers are resistant toward going back to school to be re-skilled .
Some older workers may feel embarrassed or dislike going back to school at an old age .
Therefore to develop and maintain a highly skilled workforce , workers have to go for training courses to be re-skilled and retrenched workers have to learn new skills to be reemployed .
Lastly , public spending is required to maintain a high standard of education in various educational institutions .
A high standard of education is an important factor of maintaining a highly educated workforce in the country .
Investing in education is like investing in the future , so that the future generations are able to meet future challenges .
In Singapore , the government invests heavily on education through subsidising school fees  .
In the Singapore Budget (2009) , the Ministry of Education is investing $7 ,884 million in subsidising school fees .
This is to ensure that school fees are affordable and every citizen is allowed to receive a proper education .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited so that funds could be used in developing the country through the retraining of workers , expansion of economic structure and maintenance of a high standard of education in various educational institutions .
Funds being used for the country's development would benefit both the young and old .
Over the years , the problem of a rapidly aging population is becoming prominent and an area of concern for many countries .
Consequently , economic growth would be affected and many societal issues would surface .
Moreover , a fast aging population would inevitably increase the amount of government expenditure on healthcare and welfare programmes .
Although governments ought to provide financial assistance for the elderly , spending on other sectors of the country should not be neglected .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited as funds should also cater to other areas of development such as education , training programmes , and even national defence .
Firstly , investment in education is vital in promoting economic growth .
Moreover , it prepares oneself to think independently and logically .
Through education , individuals are armed with the necessary skills and knowledge which would increase their productivity and competitiveness in the labour market .
The process of gaining knowledge is of paramount importance in developing countries as it would reduce the level of poverty and increase the ability of their people to find quality jobs .
In this way , wealth would be generated and the economy would improve  .
Nevertheless , it could be argued that the benefit of education in elevating economic growth is still unapparent .
There is no one type of education that is suitable for all societies .
Joshua (2001) also mentioned that it is unclear which type of education would lead to a higher economic growth .
Yet , one cannot deny the fact that a shortage of educated people would restrict economic expansion .
Thus , it is crucial for countries to invest in a form of education that is desirable for its people to ensure greater economic development .
Secondly , countries should also focus on providing financial aid for trainings and seminars to be conducted for the working population .
Through the processes of upgrading , individuals are empowered with the relevant skills and knowledge demanded by the job market .
For instance , the National Trade Union Congress (NTUC) , of Singapore (2001-2009) has been active in providing trainings for jobholders to upgrade their skills and knowledge .
In this way , they would have the proficiency to deal with any problems that may arise .
Nonetheless , it could be refuted that this might promote job hopping .
With the new skills and knowledge obtained , individuals would hunt for better paying and quality jobs .
Ilana (2001) claimed that people who possessed the essential skills would change occupations due to the lucrative salary offered by different companies .
However , the funding of training programmes should still proceed as it would increase the productivity and capability of the working population in handling any challenges that might surface in the future .
Lastly , funding on national security should not be ignored .
A strong military defence helps to deter any possible threats and dangers that may occur .
This is of great importance in today's context where terrorism is becoming prominent .
In recent times , terrorists have access to sophisticated technologies that could create greater destruction to the surroundings and are able to instil fear in the people .
Hence , organisations and agencies related to national defence ought to receive adequate financial assistance for research and development .
In this way , military forces would then be armed with the latest equipment  to maintain their fighting capabilities .
For example , the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (2000) stated that 13 million dollars are spent on national security yearly even though it places an immense pressure on the federal budget .
Therefore , continual support on national defence is  important to ensure peace and harmony within the society .
In conclusion , nations should be careful in deciding the amount of money to be spent on each area of development .
Funds should not be spent solely on the elderly as it would hinder the growth of other areas like education , trainings and national security .
Policy makers should realise and recognise that it is through careful planning and a combination of effective policies that would allow the nations to grow and flourish .
Aging population is a worldwide situation which will affect all countries in the world at different intensities and speed (United Nations [UN] , 2002) .
This process is experienced by the developed countries at first but now the developing countries as well and it is especially rapid in this twenty-first century (UN , 2002) .
As the proportion of elderly persons in the world continues to increase , there is a need for the government to intervene as there will be many elderly who cannot support themselves .
Thus , the government needs to come up with policies to help them .
If this public spending on the elderly is not limited , it might have an impact on the countries in terms of national budgets and economies .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited so that economic growth can be sustained , societal problems faced by the communities can be solved and other essential policies can be sustained .
By limiting public spending on the aged , some spending can be used to sustain economic growth , which is a key factor to the prosperity of a country .
According to Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer (2005) , "small differences in sustained economic growth will have a dramatic impact on the fiscal future of society ."
With little economic growth , society is limited in its ways to assist those who require assistance .
In contrast , with adequate economic growth , more can be done to help the people in need .
This is because people will have more spare money to help the needy and government will not need to increase taxations .
In addition , once economic growth is stable , there will be prosperity and employment rate will decrease .
The number of people in need of assistance will thus decrease .
Hence , it is crucial for a country to limit public spending on the aged and focus on economic growth so that there can be prosperity .
If public spending on the aged is not limited , the government will not be able to solve problems faced by society .
Many countries face problems such as housing , transportation and education (Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer , 2005) .
Policies will need to be introduced and thus will increase expenditures of the government .
This will increase the burden of the present and future working generations .
Through cutting  spending on the aged , the funds can be used in solving problems faced by society and help to relieve the pressure faced by the current working force  .
The government should channel its spending to sustain policies which are vital for the country .
It will need to focus on areas such as education and reduce elder dependency  .
With higher education , the future generations of working people tend to have higher incomes and thus can accumulate more wealth for future use when they are old (Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer , 2005) .
The government can also lower barriers to elder employment and stress filial obligation (Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer , 2005) .
However , all these policies might not necessarily produce the desired results .
For example , though the government gives subsidies to companies to urge them to employ older workers , there may not be many who have the necessary skills .
The government will need to spend some money on retraining the elderly to equip them with the necessary skills for the jobs .
Thus , the government will need to be flexible in altering its policies .
Though there may be uncertainties about the results  , it is still important to limit public spending on the aged so that some money can still be diverted to other important areas .
As more countries are facing the problem of an aging population , it is important to limit public spending on the aged so as to sustain economic growth , solve problems of the communities and support necessary policies for the country .
Different countries will need to have different solutions specially tailored to fit their own countries and public spending should be split evenly  .
Presently , existing policies have helped Singapore extensively in providing ease to the foreseen aging crisis .
To achieve successful ageing , the government has implemented various policies to be well prepared in her golden years .
Firstly , in order to cope with the drastic fall in fertility rate , the government has encouraged Singaporeans to marry and procreate , and at the same time attract foreigners into our society .
Additionally , the government has also introduced a Marriage and Parenthood Package which includes bigger baby bonus , longer maternity leave , as well as increased subsidies at childcare centres to boost her population .
Unfortunately , these schemes have not seemed to have appealed to appeal to the vast majority as the birth rate still remains stagnant .
The next most apparent concerned is the need to ensure one's financial security during old age , either through retirement savings or an extension of employment years .
The government has implemented lifelong financial policy like the Central Provident Fund to prepare her people in planning and saving ahead for the ageing crisis .
Despite adopting the Central Provident Fund system , statistics has proven that only one in three Singaporeans are financially prepared .
Certainly , this statistics proved that not the entire nation is ready .
Therefore , it would only be wise if there are appropriate modifications made to the CPF scheme .
In recent years , awareness on the extension of employment years has also been promoted .
The society today has widened their perspective in employing aged workers and hence encouraged them to continue working even when they reached their retirement age .
A latest survey confirmed that most Singaporean companies agreed that retirement of older worker will be a great loss of valuable skills and knowledge .
Therefore , having an ageing workforce might not necessarily be negative .
Elderly workers can also provide mentorship for the younger employees , imparting and sharing their valuable knowledge and past working experiences .
In an ageing society , the social aspects not only include the need for appropriate housing schemes but also health care systems for present and future generations of elderly .
An elderly-friendly built environment is a key principle to which the elderly elderly can adjust and integrate themselves into the community .
For instance , accessible infrastructure provides a safe and comfortable environment for the elderly to use in their their old age .
Indirectly , it also helps to maintain social network and allows them to participate in social activities .
Hence , The Housing Development Board has customised studio apartments equipped with elder-friendly fittings and features .
In addition , the lift upgrading programme was introduced to allow lifts to be provided at every level of high-rise HDB blocks for the convenience of the elderly .
Furthermore , other facelift programs in the older estates include ramps for wheelchair accessibility , fitness corner and covered walkways .
Hence , with these schemes , it is proven that the elderly in Singapore are given top priority in the community .
Last but not least , to ensure that basic healthcare is affordable to all Singaporeans , Singapore has prepared her people with MediShield , MediSave and MediFund .
This is done by putting safety nets to ensure that healthcare remains affordable .
Besides , the government has decided to build more hospitals to cope with higher demands in the future .
Hence , with the multi-dimensional approach taken by the government , Singaporeans are able to enjoy quality healthcare services .
In conclusion , the government has done well to prepare the country for ageing population in the aspects of economy , social and population growth .
However , to allow ageing policies to be truly successful for the future generation , it should be reviewed and remodelled when necessary .
The society should also maintain a positive and mature attitude towards ageing population .
Most importantly , individuals should be responsible and self-reliant to take up ownership of the ageing issue .
Public spending has been increasing in many countries over the years .
With the world population ageing , many developed countries are trying to cope with high expenditure on the elderly .
However , there is a need to limit public spending on the elderly for the benefit of the country .
In the long run , investing in other areas would help to ease the problem of high expenditure on the elderly .
These funds needs to be diverted to other areas of development as it would help to improve the economy , benefit the younger generation and increase employment rate .
A nation needs a strong economy to support its expenditure .
A weak economy would have difficulty to divide its funds among the different areas .
Needless to say , the nation would have problems to support the increasing spending on the elderly in a bearish economy .
Hence , a strong economy would allow the nation to set aside more funds for the elderly .
Limiting the public spending on the elderly is only temporary .
This solution will benefit everyone in the long term .
Thus it is important for the nation to divert our public spending  with the aim of improving the economy .
Just like the elderly are an important asset to a nation , children are an also important asset .
The nation can help the younger generation by diverting its fund on other areas .
Hoover (Lewis , 2009) , 31st President of the United States , once said , "Children are our most valuable natural resource" .
Prof Ho (2007) also pointed out that children , being the future of a nation , are the most important asset .
This means that there is need to start early on each children's development .
The nation has great responsibility to help in developing the children's potential .
They will be the ones that will bring the nation to a greater height .
Therefore , funds should be diverted to assist  child's development .
There is another reason why public funding on the elderly should be limited .
A nation need to ensure the workforce is well trained to remain competitive .
Many countries , such as Denmark and Singapore , have started to retrain their workers (Onn , 2008) .
The workforce is the driving force that improves the economy of a country .
Since the economy affects how much funding a nation can spend on the elderly , it is important to ensure that the workforce receives enough training to improve the economy .
However , people should not rely on its government to provide funds for training .
The responsibility lies on the individual who wants to keep his rice bowl .
These people should spend more money on training to assist their future career .
But there is a need to remember that not all people can fully support themselves for training programs .
As a result , the government should still provide basic incentives to aid people to remain competitive in the industry .
The three reasons provided explain why public funds on elderly should be limited and diverted to other areas of development .
These areas will affect how much a nation can support its aging population .
Although the elderly are an important asset ,  they are not the only asset a nation has .
In conclusion , the nation needs to sacrifice the elderly temporarily for the benefit of everyone .
By diverting the resources to develop on other areas , the elderly will benefit more in the future .
The nation must not be short sighted and seek to solve problems of an ageing population only .
Policymakers should think of how the nation can solve the ageing population in the process of developing plans that will benefit the other areas .
To achieve this , we need to remember this; assisting the elderly is important but building a nation is more important .
In the developed countries , many countries are facing the problems of fast ageing population .
There will be great age shift between now and 2030 as the proportion of residents aged sixty-five or older will increased gradually ( , 2009) .
The seriousness of the problems will not only affect oneself but also affect the whole economy as there will be lesser population contributing to the workforce and to the National Service .
With regard to the problems , many countries focus much attention on it by introducing policies or by giving out funds in order to reduce the problems caused by the ageing population .
Public spending should be used to provide more options and protection for the elderly .
However , it would be better if the expenses used on the aged is limited so that there will be sufficient funds available for other areas of the country's development .
The government may implement certain policies to help the aged or give out enough subsidies to the needy but to a certain limit .
The burden on the government will be reduced and will in turn instill responsibilities between the aged and working people .
There are many areas that may contribute to the economy growth of a country .
If public spending is limited , the pressure on the government will be reduced .
Thus sufficient funds will be directed to areas which may contribute to the economy .
Subsidies can be given to other companies that are affected by the current economy downturn .
Singapore has been lending out its helping hands to many companies to encourage the balance among work and life .
This may result in greater productivity among the workers as they tend to be more committed to their work ( , 2009) .
The Government may also spend the amount in development where it can attract foreign talents to the country to solve the problems of manpower shortage .
In order to ensure that there are sufficient funds for these areas of development , the government will have to limit the amount of spending on the aged .
In conclusion , the government should provide certain subsidies to the aged but to a limit .
If not , the amount of the spending given to the aged will be a bottomless pit .
More policies can be implemented to encourage individual responsibility in taking care of the aged so as to reduce the burden on the government .
Therefore public spending should be limited to a large extent .
Meticulous financial planning is crucial to all country .
Inappropriate management of finance can lead to the downfall of the country .
According  (2003) , from 2000 to 2030 , the worldwide population aged more than 65 years is projected to increase from 550 million to 973 million approximately .
Therefore more attention is needed to be given to the aged .
Although there seem to be an urgent need to spend more on the aged due to the aging population , other aspects in the country should not be neglected too .
Public spending on the aged should thus be limited so that money can be diverted to areas such as the economy , defence , education and infrastructure in order for the country to develop healthily .
The government should divert money to build up its economy as economic stability is an important area which will contribute to the success of the country .
With economic prosperity , citizens will have jobs and are able to support themselves .
One factor which contributes largely to the economy of a country is the tourism industry; this is supported by  (2009) .
The government will require capital to invest and build more tourist attractions .
This will help to create more jobs , increase revenue of businesses and enhance the economy .
Some may say that maintaining economic stability will result in insufficiency of public funds to help the aged .
As technology advances , new methods of treatment and medicine will be invented .
The healthcare cost of the aged will increase too .
Therefore the government should use more of the public funds to subsidize their medical fees .
Indeed building and maintaining economic stability requires heavy capital , but with economic prosperity , more money will be generated .
According to  (2005) , with economic growth , society will have more choices and more policies can be implemented to help the aged .
Thus it is necessary to divert money to boost the economy so as to generate greater benefits for the aged .
Other than the economic aspect , the government should also divert money to build national defence .
A strong military force is necessary as it is important that the country has the ability to protect its citizens in times of war .
Money has to be spent on training the soldiers , purchasing military weapons , and researching on new military technology .
Without strong military force , the country will be easily attacked and destroyed .
Some may comment that spending too much money on defence is unnecessary since war may or may not occur .
Thus , it is a less urgent need compared to the aged .
However it is crucial for a country to stay prepared all the time , so that it will not be too late to react in case of a sudden attack .
Hence , the government should divert a substantial amount of money to build a strong and stable military defence force .
Investments in education and infrastructures are important for the country to develop too .
Education allows the younger generation to be empowered with knowledge and helps to cultivate talents which can lead the country and businesses .
Public funds are needed to build educational institutions and schools .
Infrastructures such as public roads and transport systems need to be established too .
With good and convenient infrastructures , the lifestyle of the citizens will improve .
The country will then be able to develop in all areas .
In conclusion , for the country to develop , it is crucial to ensure all areas are taken care of .
To overlook in one area can lead to serious consequences .
Without economic stability , the country will not have enough funds to run it smoothly .
A weak military force will cause the country to be easily destroyed .
Without education and good infrastructures , the citizens will not be able to improve and maintain their standard of living .
Even though it is significant and essential to help the aged , public spending on the aged needs to be limited .
Excessive spending on the aged will help them in the short run but will also impede the development of the country .
A better way is to critically evaluate  the level of importance of the different areas and to prioritse and balance public funding
"Our baby boomers will join the ranks of theelderly in a few years .
Assuming the same level of demand we have now , the need for nursing home beds will double in 10 yearsand triple in 20 years ," exclaimed Mr . Lim Boon Heng ,  .
At this time , the effects of the looming aging population is becoming more evident and the increased pressure on public spending for the aged has left Singapore pondering on how to spend prudently .
If too much spending is put into helping the aged , neglecting other areas of the country's development which aids economic growth ,  .
As far as we would like to help the aged , there should be limits to which how we can help , such that the still mentally-competent or physically-competent aged will not be reliant on us unreservedly .
People in the current generation are healthier , wealthier and better educated than past generations .
We can tell by the incline in the economy that has taken off over the past few years .
The houses we stay look more superior to those dilapidated houses in the past .
We speak more fluently than our ancestors .
These are due to higher expectations , which arose from the increase in the standard of living .
In spite of these reasons , can we generalize that everyone is equally well to do ?
The group of baby boomers who are now in their 50s has substantial disparity in education attainment due to loosely enforced education rules then .
Some may not cope well in life and would need more financial help than others .
Nonetheless , when putting this in thought , disagreement will exist if we give preference the minority .
Maybe we can help the needy in other policies , apart from the general aging population policy , such that our public spending is cautiously used .
Thus , generally , future groups of the aged may be better off and can still depend on themselves if they were to make use of their intellectual assets .
Furthermore , if too much public spending is allocated to help those over-reliant aged , there could be an overall adverse impact on outflows that could be put into better use in other development policies .
Say for example , those stricken with illnesses , whose savings has long been drained or even the young whose future have yet to be determined , but are already ailing .
They would require more help than those aged whose physique is still robust .
It would be more beneficial to invest in the nurturing of future generations than in the aged .
These needy are our country's liability and we ought to render more help to them , who could in the end , contribute back to the society after they have recuperated .
If not , our future pillars or hope will eventually be compromised .
Whilst we spend resources resolving the issue pertaining to the aging population , implications such as the increase in societal costs could arise if welfare programs are curtailed , cut and restricted .
Every day , a considerable sum of our money is spent on miscellaneous fees such as transportation fees , education fees , and utility bills , housing maintenance or even healthcare bills .
If these burdens are lightened , people will have more flexibility in spending power , which could in turn help churn the economy .
Consequently , there should be a threshold of public spending for the aged and the welfare programs should be a better attempt to aid everyone in Singapore equally .
Taking into account the issues of not having enough money to pay for expenses , we should all the more fund areas which can in turn generate more revenue for the country .
Through economic growth , funds can be used collectively and more profits and benefits can be allocated to the aged .
This is a cycle .
The only way to deal with this unique matter is to divert money into more productive areas , rather than assigning in all for the aged which have little or no returns at all .
Pen ultimately , by limiting our public spending on the aged , it will not exacerbate the effects of aging population .
But by putting other areas as a focus for economic growth , we can actually ameliorate the whole picture all together .
Singapore's constant upgrading of facilities such as having lifts that serve every floor of a building and replacing stairs with ramps , have facilitated the movement of the elderly .
However , there should always be a limit on public spending on the aged as funds can be diverted to the development of tourism , housing and education to promote the growth of a country .
Tourism is a major industry in most countries , attracting considerable number of tourists to spend in the country and providing employment to many locals .
The influx of foreign currency and increase in job opportunities will definitely help in promoting the country's economic development .
For instance , according to an annual tourism statistics report done by Singapore Tourism Board in year 2007 , Singapore had received 10 .3 million visitors and noted S$14 .1 billion visitors spending .
Thus , it is crucial for the government to improve existing infrastructures and tourist destinations' to attract more tourists to the country .
Tourism helps in the development of a country but in the event of a recession , it will be one of the first few industries to suffer .
Tourist arrivals will drop as people travel and spend lesser , resulting in a decrease in revenue generated by the tourism sector .
There are bound to be risks in every industry , therefore , the development of the tourism industry should not be compromised as it contributes to the growth of the country significantly .
In addition , housing should also be developed to instill a sense of belonging among the people .
Usually , when one owns a home , one will be more motivated to work so as to have a better home and thoughts of migrating would be lesser .
Furthermore , the provision of housing will also encourage the idea of starting a family .
As a result , in times of trouble , people will be more willing to protect their family , home as well as their country .
Thus , with the development of housing , people will learn to unite as one in times of trouble which is crucial for the progress of a country .
Subsequently , it is important to have a good education system so as to equip the future generations with the right knowledge and train them in becoming the future leaders of the country .
For example , in Singapore , seminars , workshops and camps have been organized by schools to help in the development of the students' leadership qualities such as confidence , good communication skills and decision-making .
Furthermore , when they enter the workforce , they will able to fully utilize these skills and contribute effectively to the economy .
Hence , by preparing and nurturing the leaders of tomorrow from young , they will be able to lead the country to a whole new level .
In conclusion , it is necessary to look at the big picture and pay attention to areas such as tourism , housing and the education system to help in the development of the country .
In other words , there should always be a limitation to the amount of funds spent on the aged as they constantly need support and there will never be sufficient funds .
Limiting public spending on the aged should be done to favour  other areas of the country's development .
Besides taking care for the aged , there are several other areas the government should put the same amount of emphasis on when dividing how much each sector should get from the national budget .
This includes the country's economy , transport system and infrastructure , public housing , recreational facilities and more .
Moreover , the government should calculate the benefits over cost for the money invested .
The next area the government should pay more attention on is the current economic and social issues that exist at that time .
For example , in times of an economic recession like now , the government should pump in more money to revive the economy , like the upgrading of lifts throughout the island .
Not only does it bring employment , it boosts business and trade .
These current issues should be with promptly .
Without prompt actions , the matter may worsen and if not dealt with properly , the consequence is catastrophic .
Hence , it is important for the government to rank the severity of the issues and deal with them accordingly .
As for the aged , although we cannot neglect them ,  we can always provide them with just the right amount so that they too will get what they deserve from the society .
The third argument takes the sentiments of the working class into consideration .
Making the working class pay more taxes to finance the needs of the aged will cause resentment amongst the working class .
Prolonged resentment is unhealthy for the society and it may cause social problems like strikes and protests , to name a few .
Therefore the government has to strike a balance and find the equilibrium whereby the amount of tax is reasonable and enough for comfortable usage .
However , some may argue that public spending on the aged shouldn't be limited .
This is because the aged are the most vulnerable group of people in the society .
Age usually comes with illness and disabilities , like wheelchair bound and the need for healthcare for their illnesses .
They require the highest amount of attention and care .
Limiting spending on the aged will deprive them from the basic aids they require for survival .
Inhumane actions like neglecting the aged will be slammed by the public , especially those with special sympathy for the old .
Since there is a need for other areas of the country's development to receive the money and at the same time not neglecting the aged , a compromise must be reached .
The best solution to compromise both parties would be spending the minimum that provides the aged with the most basic facilities to meet their needs .
It would thus accommodate both parties , ideally reaching equilibrium .
In conclusion , there are so many other issues of the society the government has to consider other than the aging population .
These issues have similar , if not higher importance , as compared to the aged .
The government should always measure the economic and social benefits and costs before implementing any policies , and implement those with the highest benefits .
But the question is: Will the government be firm enough to make the harsh decision ?
As we grow older , our health will gradually deteriorate and we will no longer be able to work and support ourselves after retirement .
Hence , public spending from the government is needed to provide the elderly with a comfortable environment to enjoy their retired lives .
Some examples of government's spending on the aged in Singapore include healthcare benefits like the ElderShield and lift upgrading programme in HDB to provide an environment which is friendlier to the elderly .
We need to recognize that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money could be diverted to other areas of the country's development to attain higher efficiency and to have better allocation of resources .
Apart from that , it should be limited to instill the importance of being independent and prevent over-reliance on the government .
Firstly , public spending on the aged should be limited to ensure higher efficiency in government's expenditure and to have better allocation of resources .
This is because it is only entitled to the elderly , excluding the rest of the population who are not eligible .
By limiting government's spending on the aged and diverting them to development on other areas , we are not just targeting on the elder population but the entire population instead .
One example is by transferring the money that we can use solely on the aged to other fields of the country's development like improvement in infrastructure .
This will benefit the whole population including the aged by providing a more diverse and well-developed system in transport , like the construction of the new circle lines in Singapore .
One may say that development in other areas may exclude some of the elderly from the benefits due to their low levels of education and access .
However , we can always organize campaigns to educate our elder population to direct them to enjoy these benefits , allowing the government to limit their expenditure on the aged .
In conclusion , we should limit public spending on the aged in order to ensure that we can be more efficient and ensure that there is better allocation of resources by developing areas that can benefit the entire population .
Also , the government can implement more policies to allow the population to be more independent and increase the awareness of preparing for old age .
Most importantly , the government should divide public spending equally according to the different needs of the various areas of the country's development .
Public spending on the aged should be limited to maintain the standard of living of the aged and to reach out to those who are in need of financial aid .
Secondly , with lesser money spent on the aged , the government can improve the education system in Singapore for the younger generation .
This category of people requires more attention and funds from the government as compared to the aged , as they are the future ambassadors of Singapore .
The future growth and development of Singapore is dependent on them .
At the same time , by better educating the future generations of Singapore , they will be able to secure a better paying job in the future , which they will be able to support themselves as well as their aged parents .
Thus , by improving the education system , the children will be better educated and less dependent on the government for any form of subsidiaries for themselves or their aged parents .
Last but not least , the government can use the money to expand on the research and development of the defence technology .
With better defence technology , the government need not spend money on buying defence weapons from other countries and instead ,  they can earn revenue by selling their own weapons .
By limiting the public spending on the aged and using it on defence technology research , Singapore will be better equipped in safeguarding itself as well as earning additional revenue for the country .
At the same time , an expansion in the research and development of the defence technology will demand more manpower .
As a result , more jobs opportunities will be available for not just the future generations , but as well as the elderly .
Limiting the public spending on the aged opens up other areas for development such as infrastructure , education and defence .
These developments will improve the lives of the current and future generations and in the long run , dependency of the future generations when they are old will be minimal as they will most likely have sufficient money for retirement .
Therefore , public spending for the aged should be limited and focused on developing other areas .
Global aging is a critical topic that the world has been concerned about .
While societies are confronted with the many unprecedented consequences of an aging population , such problems will continue to persist , if not worsen if nothing is done to reduce the impact of aging .
Fortunately , various initiatives and policies have been put in place to alleviate the effects of the aging process .
These programmes and policies are targeted at addressing 3 main aging issues: physical and mental health of elderly , employability of older workers and financial burden on the older and younger generation .
isPromoting Healthy Lifestyle
While the government focuses its expenditure on improving healthcare products and treatments , it is also important that elderly maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Leading an active and healthy lifestyle helps to reduce chances of getting aging related health problems such as lower stamina , rheumatism , falling memory , senile dementia , and emotional setbacks .
Currently , various programmes have been implemented by the government to promote healthy lifestyle in older people .
For example in Singapore , the government introduce a 2 years wellness programme that aims to encourage healthy lifestyle by catering the physical , social and emotional needs of seniors through health screenings , social services , exercises , eldercare and social networking sessions (Lim , 2009) .
By maintaining a socially active lifestyle , elderly are more resistance to health problems as they are able to keep both their mind and body active and healthy .
the elderlytwointroducedagethe elderlyThe 3 R's of Elder Employment
Encouraging elderly to support themselves in their old age by extending their working life helps to reduce elder dependency (Peterson , 2001) .
In support of this , policymakers have put in place various measures and policies to govern the employment practices of older workers .
These measures oversee that employment of older workers should be based on 3 R's of employment namely: Recruitment of workers aged 40 and above , Retention of existing workers aged 55 to 61 and Re-employment of existing workers aged 62 and above (NTUC Online , 2007) .
The practice of 3 R's can be commonly seen in Singapore where it has recently raised the retirement age from 62 to 65 years old and above .
In complement with its re-employment legislation , the government has also enacted other legislations and initiatives for instance the Tripartite Committee on Employability of Older Workers and Advantage !
Scheme .
However , elder discrimination is not a problem that can be resolve instantaneously .
Most companies are still discriminating against employing older workers as they can hire younger workers who are better educated and more productive .
Therefore , the 3R's employment practices would aim to lighten the discrimination by resolving most companies' unwilling rationale (i .e .
limited resource and additional financial cost) in employing older workers .
Hong Kong has also adopted such practices through its 4 yours CADENZA Community Project which seeks to create an "Elder-Friendly Employment Practice" such as job design , flexible working hours and friendly physical environment (CADENZA Community Project: Elder-Friendly Employment Practice , n .d .) .
This strategy of longer employment seems to be a highly feasible and accepted solution in tackling global aging .
of theaimsresolveddiscrimination of the elderly F .TorrrThey are namely , .Spread of Fithe elderly Burden
Policymakers have also step up efforts in reducing the financial burden of an aging population by providing financial aids and encouraging people to save in advance for their retirement .
Medisave , Medishield and Medifund Sliver are some examples of medical schemes introduced in Singapore to lighten the medical cost burden of its senior citizens .
In addition , the state enforces its main retirement saving scheme , the Central Provident Fund Saving (CPF) whereby individuals are oblige to contribute a fix percentage of their monthly salary to their CPF account when they are employed .
In this way , the people are indirectly saving for their old age .
fixedobligedUnity is the Best Stratstepped
Aging population is a global phenomenon that affects everyone .
With the development of various policies and strategies , leaders must understand that the best strategy is one where everyone unites together in conquering the long term battle of global aging .
They need to recognize that the effectiveness of any strategies will depend on every individual involvement .
Nevertheless , leaders should continue to revise current policies and develop new strategies so as to better prepare and tackle harsher challenges ahead .
It is inevitable that public spending will significantly increase with the aging population .
More money has to be diverted to healthcare , pensions and elderly-friendly infrastructure to cater to the needs of the aged .
For instance , it is projected that between 2005 and 2050 , Portugal will have 9 .7% more of its gross domestic product diverted to old age pensions .
As long as the country is financially capable , it is important to ensure that public spending on the aged is not limited so as to support the growing proportion of the aged in the country .
Firstly , the proportion of the elderly is increasing rapidly , especially in the developed countries .
For example , in Europe , while the total population is estimated to shrink slightly by 2050 , the aged population is foreseen to increase by 77% ) .
There would be an increase in demand for healthcare , pensions and elderly-friendly facilities such as ramps and railings .
According to the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (2009) , expenditure on treating the health problems of the elderly in America has increased by almost a third .
Hence it is inevitable that a significant amount of money has to be allocated to the funding of these facilities and the much needed pensions .
So , public spending on the elderly should not be limited .
Secondly , social problems may surface if the elderly do not receive sufficient care and help they need from the government .
In Japan , pensioners constitute one-fifth of the country's population .
More than half of the elderly who committed suicide in 2007 was due to health problems (Paddock , 2008) .This is because this group of people are adversely affected by the government's intention of reducing public spending on the pension and welfare system .
It is assumed that as people get older , they will have more health problems and thus need more money to seek medical help .
However , healthcare expenses in Japan are high and many lonely elderly have nobody to depend on except the government .
Thus , if the government chooses to reduce public spending on them , social issues such as elderly suicide rates may rise .
Lastly , it is a moral right and a civic responsibility for us to take care of the elderly .
They are the ones who worked hard and made sacrifices in their early days to provide us with the comfortable living we have today .
After all our education , can we really call ourselves a civilized nation if we close our eyes to the suffering of the elderly living with us ?
Therefore , government's expenditure on the elderly should be allocated such that it is sufficient to help those elderly who are in need .
However , the government should take care of the country as a whole and not just focus on providing for the elderly .
The government should not neglect the need for funding the other development areas such as education and tourism that can boost the country's economy .
With more resources allocated to the country due to its economic growth , the government can also spend some of these resources on the elderly .
Nevertheless , an efficient and well-organized government should plan the national budget carefully and allocate desirable amount of funds into the various aspects of spending areas in the country .
This is especially so for richer countries because they have the financial ability to finance sufficient resources into the different areas of development .
Hence there is no need to restrict public spending on the elderly just to have more resources to be diverted to other areas .
In conclusion , the number of elderly will constitute a significant proportion of the population in the near future in many countries .
There is an urgent need for the government to support these elderly , especially those without dependants , so as to prevent unnecessary negative social impacts on the society .
Furthermore , there is a moral need and obligation to take care of the needs of the elderly .
Therefore , the  expenditure on the elderly should not be restricted just because the other areas of development of the country are assumed to be more important .
Instead , the government should strike a balance in the spending amongst the various sectors of the economy .
Singapore , like many countries in the world , is facing the same crisis - a rapid graying population .
The fast ageing population has brought about issues such as increased demand for better healthcare and social services , a reduction in competitiveness of the economy that has increased the strain and burden of the working population .
By 2030 , the elderly population is estimated to reach a million ( , 2009) .
In other words , there will be one elderly (aged above 65) found in every five residents .
Hence , our local government will have to constantly review and implement appropriate policies to minimise these problems .
However , encouraging self-dependency and higher birth rate is insufficient to cope with the rising aged population .
Problems in the physical environment still pose a challenge to the senior citizens' mobility , especially those who are wheelchair-bound .
Therefore , creating a barrier-free environment is necessary to cater to the needs of the elderly .
For example , in the past , lifts only serve certain floors .
This has created much inconvenience in their daily activities .
To counter this problem , the Lifts Upgrading Programme (LUP) has been carried out in phases to upgrade older HDB blocks with lifts that stop at every floor .
In addition , more studio apartments will also be built to cater to the demands .
But , architects may have a harder time designing buildings now as their products must be of value yet able to beautify and sustain the earth's natural resources .
Also , due to the advancement in the field of medicine , life expectancy in Singapore has risen too .
With longer life span , larger range of chronic diseases is expected to surface .
This in turn , has generated demand for chronic disease management , geriatric services and other healthcare services .
For instance , Research and Development (R&D) has enabled cancer to be more controllable now .
To ensure that healthcare remains affordable for most Singaporeans , especially the lower-income group , the government gives different rates of subsidies to the different classes of wards in hospitals .
For example , Class C wards receive the most in subsidies ( .
On top of this , the government also strongly encourages her senior citizens to adopt a healthy lifestyle .
For example , regular physical exercises and a well-balanced diet are encouraged .
In conclusion , Singapore government has played a huge part in managing the ageing population .
For instance ,  , to improve physical environment by creating barrier-free access , and continual effort towards R&D are some of the necessary areas for improvement .
Most importantly , planning for old age is a long-term goal .
One must plan well to enjoy a fulfilling golden age .
Public spending is the expenditure by the government which includes health , education , military and development projects .
A fast aging population is a serious matter as this challenges the government to consider whether to reduce old age dependency or limit healthcare costs .
The government should allocate more resources to support other areas of the country's development such as education policy and health care policy .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be used on those areas most in need .
Public policies encourage and facilitate education .
Spending needs are growing in many areas , including social spending .
The spending should focus  on those most in need .
Due to the economic downturn , people are encouraged to spend more money so that this will help to increase the growth of the economy .
The public spending should be used in other areas of the country's development like shopping malls , the Integrated Resort , restaurants , hotels , museums , theatres , and theme parks .
The aim is to increase the tourism industry and to attract foreigners to spend more money .
For example , the Integrated Resort projects in Singapore is expected to enlarge the industry .
Deputy Prime Minister S . Jayakumar () said that a large amount of money has been invested and the overall proposal  meets tourism objectives and requirements .
The purpose is to attract foreigners and to strengthen Singapore's economic growth .
Public spending should be used to invest in the Health Ministry to analyse , investigate and produce more vaccines for the entire population to deal with influenza flu or virus .
The government should provide more resources and manpower to implement a plan to prevent the infectious diseases such as influenza vaccine , H1N1 flu vaccine .
stated that production of vaccines against new virus should be investigated  .
It is also necessary to produce enough vaccines to reduce the possible disease cases and deaths .
If the public spending on the aged is not limited , people will tend to depend on the government more .
They will not save their income earned while they are active in the work force to provide in advance for their own old age as they will think that the government will support them and that there will be more subsidies in medical and health care .
The retirement savings are important to plan in advance for the benefits of the elderly and they are encouraged to save for the retirement savings , medical savings and expenses .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that people will work harder .
They should learn to save more and plan for their old age in advance for They should not depend only on the governments subsidies on health care .
The birth rates are declining due to the economic downturn .
People nowadays will plan to have one or two children only .
This will make the future generations to have a  more stressful life because they cannot effort to support their parents .
In the absence of a subsidised health insurance scheme , people with serious illnesses or hospitalisation will be a problem especially when they pass the age of 85 or cannot afford the increase premiums from age of 80 to 85 .
Therefore , people will have pressure when they plan  for their old age .
In order to reduce the stresses , the Central Provident Fund () was set up as a compulsory savings scheme in Singapore so that they can use this savings to support themselves in their old age .
This is to ensure that people will not face financial problems when they retire .
In conclusion , the government should set boundaries on public spending on the aged so that people will learn how to plan financially for their own old age at the early stage .
Public spending can be also used in other areas of the country's development to boost Singapore's tourism industry .
The aim is to attract more visitors to the country and create benefits for the economy of the country .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to others areas of the country's development
In these recent years , the entire world has been confronted with a severe economic recession; which is believed to not only negatively affect lives of millions of people in both developing and developed countries but also seriously threaten the development of numerous firms and companies from almost every sector of the economy .
The governments are strongly expected to efficiently use money from the national budget to maintain a sufficient economic growth and provide a better living standard to its citizens .
Some economists believe that the government should cut down public spending on the aged to invest in other areas while some completely disagree .
I personally support the latter .
Up until now , the social policies toward the aged rights always draw a great deal of attention from the community because of the vulnerability of this special part of the population .
The period of time after retirement often brings along lots of pressure and tension , which don't come from demanding tasks or heavy workload but come from the inevitable emotional and physical changes and also the financial challenges .
They are not able to earn their livings and probably must be dependent on the support and help from their relatives or from the society .
In 2006 , roughly twenty-five percent of the Japanese population was over the working age and approximately eighteen percent was under the working age .
These figures are predicted to increase remarkably by 2050 .
The Chinese population , unfortunately , is also experiencing the same pattern .
Researchers forecast that one thirds of the population of this nation will retire in 2050 .
It obviously means that the rest fifty-seven percent in the first case or two third of the population in the second case have to work and support for both themselves and those who are unable to work .
It is reasonable to state that once the governments reduces the amount of money spending on healthcare system maintenance or accommodation subsidy , it might result in a social and political crisis .
Some might argue that the elderly should have their own savings , which were accumulated earlier in the working years to partly support for their own needs .
However , not every worker can do so since the living expenses are increasing rapidly on a yearly basis .
Therefore , help and assistance from external sources and funds are still essential .
One more factor that should be taken into account is the moral or ethical aspect .
The elderly used to work and devote their talents and efforts to the development of the country .
Therefore , their dedication and sacrifice should be respected and rather relevantly rewarded by younger generations .
Moreover , policy makers and authorities should set good examples for the young .
A stable society in which all generations live in harmony requires a good moral foundation .
Once traditional values are reflected in the law , the law will be more practical and those traditional values will be more deeply ingrained in the society .
Furthermore , when the younger generation witnesses how their seniors are being whole-heartedly cared , they will have motivation to work harder and contribute to the country .
However , in some cases , the government probably should prioritize other areas of the country's development .
Let's take Zimbabwe as an illustration .
In a country where inflation rate reached an unbelievable figure of 11 .2 million percent , where almost every family had to struggle to put food on the table , where the only desire of the children is to go to school , a well-rounded health care system for the aged seems to be so luxurious .
The government here needs a drastic reform to restructure the entire political and administrative system before policies toward the old people could be brought to the conference table .
In brief , the policies toward the aged in each country seem to be widely different due to their very own and distinctive economic and social status .
Nevertheless , based on those different situations , each country should conduct more in-depth research and take necessary steps with the view to promulgating both short-term and long-term policies to ensure that the senior citizens  get what they deserve .
Memory loss is one of the biggest problems for old age and Assistive Technology has proven to aid the elderly in their mental ability .
For example , in America , The Center for Aging Services Technologies  .
developed e-pill CADEX and 12 Alarm Wristwatch which helps to remind the elderly that it is time for their medication .
Nintendo also developed games such as Brain Training Game which is able to help to keep seniors stay mentally agile () Samsung's Jitterbug , a mobile phone that is currently on the market offers the elderly an easier way in making calls , sending text messages and listening to voice mail ()
In conclusion , although human companionship is important to the elderly , the technological inventions created through Assistive Technology have helped to ease the aging process greatly in terms of movement , mental ability and emotional distress .
With these technological inventions , elderly functional capability would increase; health issues may reduce and they can become more independent in their own life .
In today's context , the graying population has become a rising rising problem in many societies .
While it results in a delay to the country's economic progress , the problem also imposes a burden to the children as well .
Thus , this highlights the need for effective policies and research to be implemented and conducted , in order to cushion the negative impacts of aging process .
Three significant solutions would be , improve the economy , introduce elderly-friendly infrastructure and appropriate financial subsidies .
Increasing economic growth of the country helps to relieve the strain of resources to meet the demands of the elderly .
Monetary contribution is essential to aid the aging process .
However , this hinders the distribution of resources for the country's development .
To improve the development of the economy , the government can attract more foreign investors .
According to the Foreign Direct Investment in Singapore statistics () , Singapore received a total of 457 ,023 .8 million investments from the world .
It showed that with potential lucrative economic growth , the country is able to amass more resources to cope with the needs of the society .
With the increased revenue , this reduces the limitation of support given to the elderly , without taxing on the government resources .
Therefore , the elderly could benefit from the greater availability of assistance without jeopardising economic progress .
The development of accessible infrastructure helps the aged to  adapt to the environment .
As humans age , mobility drops relatively .
As a result , immobility would be a hindrance to their lifestyles without the existence of convenient infrastructure .
Thus , physical assistance from the surroundings would be recommended .
According to the Housing And Development Board (HDB) policy () , the Lift Upgrading Programme (LUP) was introduced to install lifts at every level in the HDB residential flats .
As compared to the past , the elderly had much difficulty climbing the stairs .
Thus , this implementation helps to accommodate the inconvenience of the elderly .
Therefore , establishment of accessible infrastructure helps the elderly to adjust more easily .
Financial subsidies would also help to lessen the dependency of the elderly on their children .
As elderly productivity decreases with age , the ability to command the same income as before is almost impossible .
Hence , they would have difficulty maintaining their standard of living .
Therefore , appropriate financial assistance is recommended to help cope with their essential needs .
Australia is a welfare state that strongly emphasises the well-being of the elderly .
Policies such as age pensions and medical benefits allow the  aged to receive sufficient assistance to cope with the financial needs (Greg , 2003) .
On the one hand , the subsidy system compensates the lower income that the elderly have relatively .
On the other hand , this reduces the children's burden to support the parents .
Therefore , the burden on the shoulder of the children to take care of their elderly would be lightened .
On the contrary , implementating subsidy system requires heavy tax foundation which will be a burden on the working society .
A massive subsidy system is needed to sustain the hefty expenses of supporting an increasingly graying population .
This would be a substantial load on the working people , who would then be responsible for contributing to the welfare system of the elderly .
Consequently , this solution would not be effective in the long run due to the money-consuming factor  .
As a result , there should be a classification of the degree of need , in order to create an efficient subsidy system .
In conclusion , the negative impact of the aging process is inevitable .
Therefore , feasible solutions are in need of implementation to ease the aging process .
However , due to cultural differences , the requirements of our elderly population will alter gradually .
Thus , research and policies need to be revised to deal with the aging process effectively .
It is known that the world is facing the problem of an ageing population .
have shown with projected statistics that between  2000 and 2050 , the population of the world for those aged 60 and above will increase in every country .
With this increasing amount of the elderly , there are going to be consequences in areas such as the economical growth , the amount of national budget that we are spending and healthcare issues .
Thus , several policies which have helped to ease the consequences are being put in place .
These policies are successful with easing  the ageing process .
We will now look into some of the policies that help to ease the ageing population .
One of the policies that has been  introduced is that of the retirement age .
Under the retirement act (1999) , the Ministry of Manpower of Singapore raised the retirement age for the elderly from 60 to 62 .
By doing so , the elderly will be able to work longer and thus , they will be able to save up more money in order to support themselves during their old age .
However , we do have to take note that some of the elderly are unable to work even though the retirement age has been raised .
This is due to the fact that some of them do not possess the necessary skills needed for the job or they could be down with some illness causing them to be unfit for work .
Thus , there is a need for other policies in order to protect this vulnerable group of elderly .
Next , we will look at another policy which the government came up with .
This policy is to give out financial aids to the needy .
In Singapore , these come in the form of  topping  the Medisave account and providing housing options .
In the report on the ageing population found on the government website  it was mentioned that the government should top up the Medisave account of the needy when there is a budget surplus so that the needy elderly will be able to afford medical treatments .
It was also mentioned that HDB should introduce more rental housing options for the elderly , this can be done by exploring the rental of the vacant  .
In conclusion , with these policies in place ,  .
In Singapore , it was mentioned in a report found on the family and community development website ) that the majority of Singaporeans have positive attitudes towards providing concern and support to the elderly .
Thus , with such positive attitudes and policies , the process of ageing can be eased .
Public spending on the aged has been increasing in recent years due to the ageing population , which results in lesser spending on the other areas of the country's development .
Demographers predicted that by the end of the century , people who are aged 65 and above will be tripled .
This may pose many challenges to the society especially for developing countries , where poverty is evident .
The small labour force has to carry the burden of supporting the aged in the country and with increasing costs for goods and services , income inequality may be resulted .
In addition , the increasing demand on the country's healthcare system will cause the country to divert many resources for the healthcare industry thus neglecting the other potential areas .
Public spending on the aged should be limited because of the smaller labour force supporting its retirees in a country with an ageing population .
This causes taxes , budgets , living standards and economic growth to be adversely affected .
Unless benefits are cut , taxes to pay for pensions and health care may have to be doubled in the next few decades (Hoke ,2005) .
With ageing countries directing much attention to the aged , for instance , spending large sums of money on hiring healthcare workers focusing on the latest medical technology , there will be lesser investments made in other areas like military , tourism , education and research and development .
Hence , this will greatly hinder the development of these countries and deter national progression (Dooling ,2009) .
Therefore , the smaller labour force will face with many difficulties in supporting the retirees due to the high cost .
Secondly , there is a need to limit spending on the aged due to increasing costs of basic necessities ( ,2006) .
There are many other groups of people such as the poor , sick and disabled who need help apart from the aged .
If goods and services become consistently more costly , this will widen the gap between the rich and poor (Reuter ,2007) .
For a country to progress , income inequality is less than desirable (Dorling , Mitchell & Pearce ,2007) .
However , there are situations where the aged can still support themselves and contribute to the country .
In Australia , reports have shown that the aged have been contributing to the country socially and economically in many ways .
People aged between 65- 69 years old still form part of the workforce and some of the aged have been providing financial support for grown up children or relatives despite  their meagre income .
Furthermore , they have been providing voluntary services by actively involving themselves in community organisations ( ,2007) .
However , aged who have the ability to contribute to the country will only form the minority .
The increasing costs will outweigh their contributions .
Thus , more funds have to be set aside to lessen the strains on the people caused by the increasing costs of basic necessities .
Finally , as the population gets older , there is an increase in demand on the country's healthcare system , where spending on it should be limited .
The United States predicted that the demand for medical care will significantly outweigh the supply of healthcare professionals by the year 2020 ( ,2009) .
The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) is also facing demands for health care where it is likely to increase by 240 percent over the next couple of decades (Walid ,2008) .
This will mean that the countries will be diverting plenty of resources on the supply of health care and neglecting the potential of the other areas which may help to generate wealth for the country .
Hence , countries should limit their spending on health care to invest in other potential opportunities .
In conclusion , the fact that people now live longer poses many challenges to a country .
The government and the public are contributing a vast amount of resources to support the aged , hindering the overall development of the country .
To lessen the impact of the aged on the country , the aged can learn to keep fit and healthy to reduce healthcare dependency .
In order for a country to grow and prosper , significant contributions are needed to support its funding and hence , public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Based on the report of the United States Census Bureau , there are 506 million people hitting 65 years old and above as of mid 2008 .
This figure will be doubled to 1 .3 billion by 2040 , which accounts for 14 percent of the total global population .
Mr Richard Suzman (2009) mentioned that the problem of aging is affecting every part of the world .
Both developed and developing countries are challenged by the difficulties resulting from global aging such as limitation of public spending on the health care of the elderly .
Although there's no doubt that health care of the elderly plays an important role in public spending , it should still be limited so that funds can be diverted to other areas of the country's development such as education .
Cost-containment measures on the health care of the elderly have been practised by many governments all over the world .
Japan is a successful example in controlling the health care cost for the elderly .
The government directs most of the financial incentives to primary care .
It leaves some available services to the family .
Japan has also adopted more efficient ways of financing health care and paying claims using a regulated all payers system which allows payment through a standard system .
Compared with the US , it mainly relies on market competition to provide health care .
There are many insurance companies hiring lots of agents to sell their products and each of the insurance company has its own system .
This will result in high cost of health care services .
Thus , some perspectives can be adopted from Japan , for example how to set limits for hospital services , in order to lower the health care costs .
The problem of an aging population is increasingly affecting more countries .
In the developed countries , due to reasons like better healthcare and women joining the workforce , life expectancy increases significantly as the rate of reproduction decreases .
As the population ages , social problems increase  .
Many governments , in view of this problem , would invest more resources , especially in monetary terms , to seek remedy .
However , this is a bottomless pit .
A better solution would be to limit direct spending on the aged and redirect these resources to aid the country's development .
In fact , this can indirectly ease the stress of an aging population through developing the research and development industry and providing skills training for workers .
The research and development industry is important as it brings about new technology , which can help to improve the standard of living of people .
One crucial area is the research and development of healthcare .
By investing money in research and development , more is done to explore new treatment solutions for existing illness thus , allowing healthcare treatments to be more efficient .
This not only  improves the economy;  but provides more options for the elders when they have to seek treatment .
New methods of healthcare treatment often bring down the cost of it too .
This would in turn ease the cost of healthcare for elders and indirectly has the same effect as funding elders' healthcare costs directly .
Some may claim that one can never be sure if there will ever be positive returns .
Even if it does , more often than not , it would take years before the end product can be sold to the general public for use .
Although this is a point to note , one must also consider the fact that by directly spending money on the elderly , it would be like driving on a one-way street .
It would be investments without returns .
Furthermore , the issue is to limit spending and not totally cut it off .
Thus , it would be more effective to spend money on research and development so that not only will the elders benefit in the long run from the research findings; it can also catalyse economic growth .
Another area in which money can be directed  is to provide skills upgrading training for the workers .
Peterson's (2001) suggestion was to encourage the elders to remain in the workforce for an extended period of time to reduce elderly dependency .
This is because by working for a longer period of time , they support themselves with their salary and save up for future use .
In order to make this an effective policy , the older workers' skills must be upgraded and kept consistent with the existing demands .
Angelique Chan mentioned that at present , employers tend to be hesitant about hiring older workers and this has led to public debates on this issue ( This affects blue collared workers most extensively , and also happens to be the group of elders that have the highest dependency on the society due to their lower savings .
Providing training like the "Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience"  , which the Singapore government  introduced in 2008 , helps improve workers' skills .
In addition , not only does it equip the elders with the essential skills to continue contributing to the workforce , it also increases their employability .
Furthermore , these training programs can also be catered to the unemployed .
Those who were retrenched due to company downsizing or the likes of it can take the opportunity to improve  their skills and move up the corporate ladder .
Thus , this not only benefits the elders , it also benefits the general public as a whole .
In conclusion , although spending money on the elderly can help ease the problem effectively in the short run , it is not a feasible solution , as one must consider the effects in the long run .
By endlessly investing in assisting the elderly , areas of the country's developments will be overlooked , resulting in more serious social problems like unemployment .
Thus , spending on the aged should be limited so that more financial resources can be used to fund other areas of development , which in the long run , can actually help to ease the problem of an aging population .
Secondly , healthcare system has been restructured to meet the needs of the aging population .
Hasnita (2009) reported that besides building new hospitals around the neighbourhood , Singapore also focuses on its step-down care sector which includes community hospitals and nursing homes .
PM Lee also added one vital step which is to associate acute hospitals with neighbourhood ones so that patients can seek treatment at the acute hospital and transfer to the neighbourhood hospital for recuperation .
This approach will help to free up beds in the acute hospital for more severe cases to be treated .
Through the reorganization , the new healthcare system will be able to accommodate more people .
Lastly , according to Mr Yap Chin Beng , Director , Estate Administration and Property , talks have been going on with the Housing Development Board (HDB) to initiate policies such as constant upgrading to our physical infrastructures to become more elderly-friendly .
The upgrades include lift upgrading to install new lifts which stops on every floor , shelters to the public to the nearest bus stop of the blocks and ramps for people who have difficulties in climbing stairs .
These upgrading projects have helped to create convenience for the elderly , especially for those who are disabled .
In addition , HDB is also building more studio apartments which are suitable for the elderly as it is customized with elderly-friendly fixtures and fittings .
These two approaches have helped to make an elder-friendly physical environment .
Clearly , current policies such as social security , healthcare and housing have helped to ease the aging process .
Without these policies , the elderly will be facing problems in terms of monetary , healthcare and housing in future .
Therefore , it is important to help the older population remain employed and promote active aging .
Nowadays , many countries have to face different problems about the aging population .
The popular one is about public spending for the elderly in each country .
It is controversial since many people are afraid that spending too much money on the elderly might decrease national budgets for other areas of development .
Therefore , it is necessary that the public finances spent on the elderly is always considered carefully by the government .
A limited amount of money given to help the aging population is a good issue for both the elderly and the rest of the population which benefits through the development of the different sectors of the country .
It is undoubtedly true that senior citizens always find it difficult to live independently in  their old age .
They need financial sources from not only their own children but also from the society .
For instance , the Singapore government spent more than 7 percent of the GDP (gross domestic product) on supporting the elderly with medical subsidies , public infrastructure and pension schemes () ,  while the percentage of American GDP for public spending on the elderly rose from 8 .5 percent in 1997 to 22 .5 percent in 2070 (Lee , 2008) .
Moreover , a significant share of the Gross National Product (GNP) went into pension schemes: 0 .58 per cent and 1 .22 per cent , respectively in Malaysia and Singapore (Yoon and Hendricks , 2006) .
Another example about public spending on medical subsidies for the aged is the elderly , who represented about 7 per cent of the South Korean population , accounted for 17 .7 per cent of total National Health Insurance (NHI) expenditures in 2001 (Yoon and Hendricks , 2006) .
These  show us the truth that the government spent a lot of money for the senior citizens .
We need to have the responsibility to care for the elderly .
However , we should not spend such a large amount of money on the elderly since it might cause the loss of financial supporting for other important areas of development such as education , military or infrastructure With the iincrease in the aging population and less financial support from cash-strapped young generation , the government even has a heavier burden on its shoulders to give more money to support the seniors' lives now .
Then , they might not focus on solving other problems in other areas , which may cause many troubles for the entire development of the country .
The next point  is about the consequence of having no limitation on spending money for the elderly .
A research done by the Swiss banking giant UBS reported that Singapore's long-term economic growth would lose its 3 percentage points because of the demographic changes while Japan's growth will drop from 9 .8 to 8 .3 percent and China's growth may cut down by 1 percent .
The aging population really affects the country's economy .
Without the guarantee of a healthy economy , the government cannot improve or develop any necessary areas in their country .
Thus , we must ensure that the money we use for the elderly is reasonable; otherwise , we will lose a lot and end up with preventing our development growth .
In my opinion , the limitation for public spending on the aged is a good issue for the entire population .
We actually have many kinds of help for the senior citizens instead of giving them money from the public budget .
For example , the financial problem can be solved by encouraging the elderly to work longer .
They can earn money by themselves .
Then , we are able to spend our money to develop other areas in our country .
Furthermore , the elderly now have a long-term provision for their own lives by their income and contribute their ability to the society .
The thing we should do is just give them a chance and help them in upgrading their skills to adapt to the modern work place .
For instance , in Singapore , the Tripartite Action Group (TAG) was formed to help the elderly increase their employability .
In conclusion , it is essential for us to set a limitation for the money we spend on the  aged .
This limitation will help us give the right supporting finance to the elderly as well as to other areas' development in our country .
Moreover , with the limited money spent to support the senior citizens' lives , it might give the government a motivation to come up with new solutions for the aging population .
The focus on ageing issues is not new .
Since the 1980s , various committees have been formed to make sure that Singapore is prepared for the challenges and opportunities from the ageing population and at the same time harnessing her economic and social possibilities .
The government has placed necessary policies and developments to empower Singaporeans to lead meaningful lives in their golden years , to ease their process of ageing .
The growing pool of seniors would require varied expectations and needs .
For Singapore to be ready for its expanding ageing population , developments and policies have been enforced over the years to enable seniors to lead a fulfilling and enriching lives .
{http://www .populationasia .org/Publications/RP/AMCRP3 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .populationasia .org/Publications/RP/AMCRP3 .pdf]
Meanwhile , in an article published on the 17th of August 2009 , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong called for more community hospitals , nursing homes and home care to be built , to provide competent and appropriate care for the elderly .
The Government has also implemented various measures over the years to make homes more elder-friendly and to provide more housing choices for seniors .
Efforts were made by the Housing Development Board (HDB) through the development of retirement housings with non-slip tiles , support hand bars , emergency pull-cords and heat detectors that activate alarms .
Town Councils also came up with barrier-free features like ramps leading to blocks and outdoor facilities are provided to facilitate mobility of seniors from homes to public areas .
The Land Transport Authority (LTA) featured elder-friendly buses allowing seniors to move around Singapore easily with low-floor , step-free and wheelchair accessibility .
Road facilities have also been upgraded to enhance accessibility on public streets .
Such costly infrastructures and developments are fully funded by the government .
Despite many who would argue that such public spending could be better spent on other areas of the country's development , it is important to understand that they are beneficial to the general public .
Elder-friendly bus networks benefit not just seniors but also young parents with children in prams and those with physical disabilities .
Residences fitted with senior-friendly features not only enhance the ease of mobility but also the quality of life for the public .
Even though the development of retirement housing is costly , it reaps profit for private developers and benefits the economy as the greying population fuel the market with their special needs and demands .
A greying world is inevitable and it is essential to provide necessary care and support for the elderly .
Health subsidies and housing developments by the government have helped to ease the ageing process to a large extent .
Healthcare subsidies provide proper care for the needy elderly patients .
In addition , retirement housings promote the social integration of our seniors , by not segregating them from the community at large and allowing them to age in a safe and comfortable environment .
The policy of later retirement not only solves the problem of elderly dependency immediately , it also eases the ageing process in Singapore as the elderly no longer face financial constraints once they earn an income every month .
REFERENCE
Code on Accessibility in the Built Environment .
Year 2007 , retrieved from {http://www .bca .gov .sg/BarrierFree/others/AccessibilityCode2007 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .bca .gov .sg/BarrierFree/others/AccessibilityCode2007 .pdf]
Ministry of Health .
Subsidies for the Elderly .
Year 2007 , retrieved from {http://www .moh .gov .sg/mohcorp/hcfinancing .aspx ?id=16072}[HYPERLINK: http://www .moh .gov .sg/mohcorp/hcfinancing .aspx ?id=16072]
Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports .
Report on the Ageing Population .
February 2006 , retrieved from {http://www .mcys .gov .sg/successful_ageing/report/CAI_report .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .mcys .gov .sg/successful_ageing/report/CAI_report .pdf]
Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports .
The National Survey of Senior Citizens in Singapore 2005 , retrieved from {http://www .mcys .gov .sg/MCDSFiles/Resource/Materials/NSSC%202005 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .mcys .gov .sg/MCDSFiles/Resource/Materials/NSSC%202005 .pdf]
As one of the most rapid aging population in Asia , Singapore encounters the challenge of developing policies to accommodate this evolving age structure .
Now , people who are living longer and longer lives must  carefully plan their lives . .
It is a necessity to raise awareness concerning the issue of aging population .
Welcoming immigrants and increasing fertility rates are some of the issues that should become national priority and these subjects will be discussed in relation to the Singapore context .
Although the relieving of the aging process is unlikely to take effect immediately after the implementation of the policies , much can still be done to ease the impact of an aging population .
Firstly , the aging process should be eased by allowing more working-age immigrants .
Minister Mentor , Lee Kuan Yew () mentioned that there are complains about the welcoming of working-age immigrants resulting in a reduction of job vacancies available for Singaporeans .
Immigrants who have the skills and expertise in the various industries are  favoured by employers .
This is because they can contribute their knowledge and bring the companies to greater heights .
Hence , this has caused Singaporeans who are not as proficient to become unemployed .
The introduction of working-age immigrants has also increased the competition in the workforce .
Eventually , social issues like a surge in suicidal cases and psychological problems will surface .
Furthermore , immigrants who set up businesses or companies in Singapore would create more job vacancies .
They could share their knowledge and technology with Singapore and Singapore could in return , provide them the necessary infrastructure and manpower .
This will certainly be a win-win situation where both Singaporeans and immigrants will benefit .
In addition , competition in the labor force might stimulate people to be more eager and determined to improve themselves .
They will be shocked by the competitiveness and drive themselves to perform better .
This will bring about a progress in the overall standard of the country and the economy .
Secondly , the process of aging should be relieved by increasing fertility rates .
With the influx of immigrants and foreign talents , most Singaporeans believe that Singapore's current population is considerably large .
Minister Mentor , Lee Kuan Yew () pointed out that between the ages of 25 and 40 , more than 30% of the Singaporeans remain single and childless .
Many Singaporeans do not want their careers to be hindered and deem it is not worth to pay the high fees of educating their children .
Despite the introduction of the baby bonus scheme , Singaporeans are still unmoved and cold toward having a child .
However , increasing the fertility rates to replace the aging population in Singapore is vital .
Being a  .
If the low fertility rate continues , Singapore's economy and labour force will eventually shrink .
Thus , it is essential to introduce campaigns and educate Singaporeans on the importance of family formation .
The government could look into ways like longer maternity leave , financial supports in the form of tax rebates and maintaining work-life balance by allocating sufficient time for personal life .
In the last 10 years , governments all over the world , especially those in developed countries such as Japan , United Kingdom , Singapore , etc , invested heavily in research and development and formulating new policies to tackle the prevailing ageing phenomenon which is threatening their economies .
However , some policies introduced by the government are causing much problems for the society which outweighs the effect of easing the ageing process .
In this paper , two strategies , one of which encourages older retirement and the other leads to the increase in foreign immigration , introduced by the local government to tackle the ageing population issue shall be discussed .
In 2007 , the government introduced a CPF (Central Provident Fund) reform scheme , which will push retirement age to 65 years  in 2012 which will then be on par with Japan .
This , coupled with other initiatives such as the  and incentives for companies to hire elderly workers , serves to encourage longer working lives and decrease dependency among elderly workers .
However , according to the Singapore National Census in 2007 , 68% of the elder workers are unskilled and most of them are employed as cleaners or laborers , working long hours per day for mostly as little as $5 an hour ( 2009) .
However , many might argue that through employment , older workers will be able to earn their upkeep , save up for future medical needs and live an active and healthy lifestyle ( 2009) .
But on the contrary , it has been statistically proven that older workers tend to suffer from occupational injuries that were inflicted and accumulated since younger working days , thus accidents are more prone to occur , especially for jobs which require substantial amount of physical strength such as lifting or carrying ( 1996) .
Besides , elderly workers can get abused just as much as younger workers , by considering the fact that if elder workers were to be dismissed for some reasons , finding another employment with equal remunerations and similar job tasks might not be easy .
In addition , if they were to be subjected to demands of work performance and long work hours in most jobs , how could they ever live a healthier lifestyle ?
On the contrary , older workers could develop more medical problems as they continue to work and grow older .
Therefore , it can be said that governments who support older retirement age could have committed the fallacy of equating both wealth and health together when it is the other way around .
Singapore's policy to tackle the ageing issue has so far achieved limited success but the side-effects caused by their implementations have greater adversities which outweigh the benefits .
There can never be a single solution or working policy in the battle against ageing population but however , besides the government , each and every individual can actually play a part for their future .
After all , we all grow old one day .
Nowadays , we are facing the old aging matter as it increases the pressure on our society .
A number of old people are going up day by day while young people , who contribute mainly to country's economics , are on the way down .
This situation makes some countries like Japan , UK or USA keep working on how to ease the aging burden .
Some policies such as later retirement age or increasing the responsibility of children for their parents have been applied .
Though there are still dubious opinions around these solutions , they really bring us  hope for a  better future .
Some researchers are still skeptical about the later retirement policy , which has been saving millions dollar for countries .
(2006) in her article "Can they carry on working ?
Later retirement , health and social inequality in an aging population"  questions  the opposite sides of higher retirement age .
She worries about its bad impacts on older people's health , which may increase the health care fees for government and about the unemployment of  that will cut down the GPD .
Yet , some believe differently .
(2009) finds out that longer working time may help us fight against  dementia , one of the most terrible illnesses of old people .
In fact , working helps the elderly become more independent , more enjoyable and healthier .
If older people keep working , they can pay for their own health care and contribute more for society .
Besides , younger workers still have various work chances , especially , when companies do know about the creativity , activity and intelligence of younger workers .
Ian Ziskin , chief of human resource and administrative office of Northman Grumman , says that it's necessary to have a new brand of workforce in a company and his company will keep hiring young workers for the next 5 to 10 years ( , 2008) .
In  short , encouraging later retirement of employees is an effective solution to reduce the burden of old age .
6 . http://aspe .os .dhhs .gov/daltcp/reports/sytmates .htm
7 . http://www .ehow .com/about_5381864_care-home-vs-nursing-homes .html
8 . http://www .usatoday .com/money/perfi/eldercare/2007-06-24-elder-care- cover_N .htm
The second solution being discussed in many countries is raising the  children's responsibility to care for  their older parents .
Every year , the government has  to spend around 0 .2% to 3% of total GDP to take care of old people and the number is increasing year by year ( , 2005) .
Does the "light care" of family toward older people help to reduce this ?
In fact , this caring plays a critical role in easing the spending of government and citizens on health care for the elderly .
According to the Genworth Financial Cost of Care Survey (2006) , the average fees of nursing care for the elderly is $ 194 per day which does not include the fees of medical care , therapy , etc .
It means you have to pay nearly $6000 per month for caring for your parents , which is such a large amount especially in the economic crisis recently .
Home care for the older parents , therefore , seems to be acceptable for a lot of families to reduce the cost .
From the government's view , this strategy really saves a lot of money for them .
According to  (2006) , home care saved up to $350 billion in 2006 , which is even over the Fed's budget .
In USA , just only 50% of adults say that they are caring for their parents (home caring or supporting money) so if we can raise this number up by increasing the grown children's responsibility , we can save our budget to pay attention to other necessary fields .
Briefly , home caring is going to be the long term plan for us to cope with the problem of aging population in the future .
Although there is still skepticism around the two policies which are used to ease the pressure of aging population , a number of study and facts have shown us their benefits to our society .
Later retirement not only helps elders feel more active and healthier but also brings us a large sum of money .
Similarly , increasing adult's responsibility for their older parents particularly assists the government in caring a number of older people and saving health care fees .
By and large , until we find the better way to balance the global population , the two solutions are , at least , beneficial .
Reference
1 . http://www .globalaging .org/health/world/2009/later .htm
2 . http://www .asiaone .com/Business/News/Office/Story/A1Story20090911- 167351 .html
3 . http://www .usnews .com/money/blogs/planning-to-retire/2008/07/17/keeping- older-workers-on-the-job
4 . http://www .oecd .org/dataoecd/53/4/34585571 .pdf
5 . http://www .elderweb .com/home/node/901
The fertility decline and the expected shrinking population will subsequently increase the dependency ratio . .
Hence , such explicitly damaging results are unavoidable .
The worst impact is the pressure on the National budget .
Since many people are old and cannot work efficiently , young people have to carry on .
And if the situation gets worse , the young generation would not be able to pay tax and we would have insufficient funds to care for the elderly .
So what have we done to prepare for this doom day ?
Fortunately , some thoughts have been considered .
Although they have not been perfectly completed ,  based on fair judgment , such ideas have helped to lighten the aging effects in our society .
First is the intention to lengthen the working age .
In fact , the Government has introduced the Re-employment Act , which will take effect in the year 2012 , to extend the work age from 62 to 65 .
According to a scientific survey , 41 percent of people want to retire after 65 .
However , this policy has been strongly opposed .
One of the opposing views was  about the strength and perspicacity of the aged .
They fear that old people would not respond well enough to the fast changing world .
Moreover , some senior workers may be outdated in some field works .
These fears are not unreasonable .
However , old people can still contribute a lot .
Although their knowledge may be old-fashioned , their experiences are invaluable .
Besides , some older workers still keep them up to date and learn new things .
In addition , they can even train those inexperienced young .
Many companies nowadays have changed their views and greatly welcome these skilled workers .
More importantly , if we extended people's working age , which would give them several years to devote and save more for their old age , we would greatly ease the aging problem .
About 50 thousand people step into retirement each year , which will then contribute to the dependency ratio .
By encouraging people to work for some more years if they still can work well , we would somehow reduce negative effects of this dilemma .
There has been an increasing trend in problems associated with the increasing population of the aged in Singapore .
To tackle these issues commonly encountered by these elderly people , the government has put in considerable effort towards alleviating their problems .
The solutions  which Singapore has adopted and the policies that they have implemented aims to help the aged lead a more comfortable life .
This will be further discussed in the essay .
Higher divorce rates and family breakdown are becoming rampant in modern , urbanized societies and will have consequential effects on the quality of care and support for the elderly .
A liberal country such as America operates in the form of nuclear families whereby the young adults leave their parents at an early age in search for their new home (Diderich , 2005 .
Thus , it will be very difficult for them to take care of their parents on a day-to-day basis .
Development of medium to long-term policies and formulation of appropriate implementation plans would be necessary to deal with problems related to the social and health care of older persons as the population ages .
In Singapore , a significant legislation known as the "Maintenance of Parents Act" in 1995 requires children to support their parents during the latter's old age which has the effect of preventing problems related to the neglect of elderly parents (Khalik , 2009 .
Such a forward-looking policy helps to ensure adequate care and concern for the elderly , helping to ease their aging process .
Decreased economic performance may be directly related to an ageing workforce as a result of reduced labour participation and productivity , and reduced job mobility .
The labour force participation rate would be much lower compared to the young vibrant workforce of China and India .
This is worsened by the fact that older workers have relatively lower education levels .
Their skills may be irrelevant in the Information Technology age .
On the contrary , we can also tap on the vast experience and knowledge of the older workers who can then continue to contribute as economically productive members of the society and help sustain the creation of the "silver industry" targeted at older people (Princeton , 2007 .
In addition to that , the Ministry of Manpower (MOM) launched the "People-for Jobs Traineeship Programme" to help older workers who are prepared to take on a second career (Chia , 2001 .
This programme provides tax subsidies and grants to companies which re-trains older workers to help them be re-deployed effectively and to remain gainfully employed .
This will have the effect of helping them to be financially independent even beyond their retirement age .
In conclusion , although the aged in Singapore face increasing number of problems each day , the government is actually implementing many policies , funding , facilities , programmes and services such as the Central Provident Fund Scheme to ease the problems the aged faces .
In  light of the above , current research and governmental policies have , to a large extent , help ease the aging process .
Aging population is now a serious issue in most developed countries , where the number of young people is overwhelmed by the number of elderly ones .
This increases much pressure for the government when dealing with every aspect like economic issues , or infrastructure systems .
This essay will consider the impact of recent research , in particular science , on the aging process .
Despite some opposite opinions on how science makes aging a serious problem in many societies , the benefits  science brings to ease this process seems to severely outweigh its detriments .
Some may think that science is impractical to apply in daily lives .
The discovery of gene activation or brain reaction to environmental factors has little impact in comparison with money spent on  research , which can be more efficient to be spent on healthcare services and retirement pension .
Indeed , with the help of science , many diseases particularly old age diseases have been discovered and understood , which significantly gives a hand in treating .
An illustration of this is the finding of gene called p21 which associates in some old age diseases like heart disease , Alzheimer and arthritis .
This gene when activated can produce some types of proteins relating to diseases of the aged () .
This has led a way for scientists to find treatment , such as in 2009 , Frank LaFerla and Mathew Blurton-Jones of the UC Irvene  found a potential treatment for Alzheimer's disease by using neutral stem cell .
Even though it is true that some science discoveries have not been applied efficiently in practice , they are the foundations for future scientists to rely on .
Scientists are seeking a way to prolong life and reverse aging process .
In this point , there might be arguments that the new technique , if available , will result in a larger number of old people , increasing pressure to an already aged and crowded population .
This opinion , in some ways , is not wrong , however , with the help of science , old people are consulted and encouraged to live healthily with appropriate exercises and sufficient nutrition .
The aged now mostly spend their retirement staying healthy and thus prevent diseases or damaged accidents more efficiently .
Besides , this can also lead to less dependency on their children and money from government .
This may not be a way to stop the aging process of a population , but is likely to be a good way to ease the stress and difficulties both government and each individual have to face .
Evans (2004) deduces that dietary proteins intake along with proper exercises can help improve muscle strength and prevent sarcopenia and high blood pressure .
Science with the invention of many toxic chemicals either used for fertilizer , pesticides or nuclear weapons , is responsible for higher infertility rate in humans and many mutant babies born .
The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) has published a list of toxic chemical associated with gene mutation .
However , though it is undeniably true how chemicals increase mutation in tissues , it is still unclear whether infertility rates of human beings can rise due to chemical usage .
According to the Institute of Population Health , University of Ottawa and University of Medical Sciences , Iran , there is still not enough evidence to show the link between infertility and chemicals .
At the same time , in 2003 , Queen's University in Canada published a research on an increased amount of a chemical called TCE found in many infertile men .
While this seems to be a controversial issue ,  , a large quantity of babies are born from infertile couples .
This can be achieved because of biology and medical science , as well as new technology .
It is estimated that more than 100 ,000 babies have been born through in vitro fertilization (Trounson and Gardner , ) .
Medical researches have moderately changed these couples' lives , and also found a new path for further discoveries .
The world's population is aging .
Recent declines in the fertility rates and increases in life expectancy together have reshaped the global age structure in most regions in the world by shifting the younger groups to the older ones .
According to the UN , life expectancy is projected to reach 76 globally over the next half century , and fertility rate is also predicted to drop more than a half from 5 .0 to 2 .1 children per woman globally by 2050 .
Just like Peterson says "There's an iceberg dead ahead .
It's called global aging and it threatens to bankrupt the great powers" .
As a result , the social economy will be affected dramatically in a negative way , one of which is the lack of a labour force .
Thus , to prevent the situation from getting worse , many policies should be taken simultaneously by the government .
This essay will discuss t some suggested solutions to the lack of a labour force  that the demographic aging issue brings about based on the context of Singapore .
Initially , increasing the certain age of retirement would alleviate the burden of an aging population .
The retirement age of Singapore is currently 62 .
By this policy , if the retirement age is increased by a number of 5 years , the policy makers would have more time to activate some other policies such as boosting the fertility rates or allowing entrepreneurs to employ foreign workers temporarily .
In addition , the more time older people can work , the more savings or pension they will have to secure their life sufficiently during old age without being dependent on their children or the governmental fund .
The policy , however , has its own hindrances .
Later retirement could cause a decrease in productivity because old people tend to be less healthy or less up-to-date with the new technology and information than the younger ones .
The payment system based on the operation of age for a company could make it more expensive to pay for the old workers than the younger ones .
Secondly , the attempt to raise the fertility rates could also be one  possible solution .
In fact , this solution somehow could ensure the economy that there would be a sufficient new generation or workforce to provide for the labour market when it comes to the time for the previous generation to retire .
However , the policy might encounter a big obstacle , i .e .
how to ensure that there will be enough space for all people to be accommodated in a condition of land scarcity , especially in Singapore , a country with a total area of 710 .2 square kilometres .
Also , the policy might take at least 20 years to become feasible once it is started .
But in recent years , the Singapore's government has put more effort to tackle the housing issue , which can be seen through HDB's building programme to provide more public housing for residential use and allow citizens to take loans up to 80% of the value of the flat to make it more affordable for everyone .
In the mean time for the next new generation of the workforce , the government can consider employing immigrants for a short period of 10 or 20 years .
This solution seems to have been adapted fairly well by the Singapore government since the beginning of the 21st century , and the immigrant workers have been closely associated with the economic development of the country .
Like many other solutions , the government should be aware of this policy's hidden risk involving the race issue .
Many immigrants coming from different regions of the world with many different cultures and religions might result in conflicts between them .
Furthermore , since a lot of immigrant workers with different nationalities , their skills might not be similar or adequate enough to meet with the requirement of the jobs .
To solve the problem , a new standard of skills for immigrants should be established or the government should have the immigrant workers re-trained for the country's purposes although it might take time and quite a lot of money .
In conclusion , the problem of an an aging population is rather a problem of rigid and outmoded policies and institutions than only a problem of a demographic change .
Policies need to be developed that account for the natural incentives individuals have to adjust their behaviour in the face of aging population .
Current research and development or policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Today , the aging problem has begun to draw people's attention .
Therefore , some research in economics , science and medicine might help to ease the problem .
Firstly , an aging problem can lead to many economic issues .
Today , the number of old people is increasing .
It can cause a drop in the labour force and population .
As people get older , they will stop to work .
So , the economics of a country will face a downturn .
It is because as they stop to work , people who pay taxes will decrease .
Therefore , later retirement is encouraged by the writer of "A Graying World" .
If people can retire later , then they will not need to depend on others in their old age .
However , in today's society , employers do not like to employ older people .
People who are aged over 35 are considered old .
It is because employers think that old people will reduce the productivity of their company .
Therefore , certain enforcements have to be introduced .
For example like employers should be fined heftily if they are found to refuse employing people whom they consider "old" .
Then , this can help to ensure that people can work longer .
Besides , aging can lead to a low population .
It is because the number of old people is increasing but the number of young people is decreasing .
Therefore , people are encouraged to have more kids .
Then , the problem of aging can be eased down .
But , the new generation today do not like to own too many children .
Some of them even refuse to give birth because they think that children are a burden .
Therefore , the government should encourage people to have more kids by giving incentives .
Furthermore , employers should be regulated so that they give enough maternity leaves to female employees .
Then , only the economics of a country will grow .
As the economics grow , the government will have more money to distribute to needy people .
Secondly , science also helps to cope with the aging problem .
As people get older , they are facing more and more health problems like kidney failure and other chronic diseases .
Science has helped scientists to find out more treatments that can cure illnesses like cancer , stroke , heart problem , etc .
In the past , many people died of cancer because there is no treatment for cancer .
But , nowadays , with the help of science , many types of operation appliances have been created .
For example like machines for radiotherapy , dialysis , etc have helped people to recover from the sicknesses .
However , not every person can afford to undergo such treatment because they need to pay up to thousand dollars in order to undergo such treatments .
If people are not afforded to pay the fees , they cannot receive treatment also .
Therefore , the government should give money to needy people especially elderly in order to undergo treatments .
Besides , with the help of science , the percentage of a surgery to succeed is getting higher .
It is because nowadays doctor will sterilize their operation tools before they start a surgery .
Besides , scientists have begun to create more healthy food through bioengineering , that is , the gene of the food can be altered so that the nutrition of certain food can be levelled up .
For example  scientists altered a gene of the tomato so that the vitamin "folate" can be levelled up .
However , there are side effects also when we are having such gene-altered food .
(Adapted from "About .com: U .S . government info")
Thirdly , the introduction of many new medicines has helped to ease the aging problem .
Today , many medicines have been created to treat cancers or other health problems .
For example like high blood pressure , there are many types of medicine that are available to treat these sicknesses .
Furthermore , besides medicine that are used to treat sickness , there are supplements which can make our body to become healthier .
Nowadays , there are many types of supplements available in the market .
For example like  vitamin , iron , calcium , etc .
The introduction of these supplements is due to people's hectic lifestyle .
Many people have no time to take a balanced diet , so these supplements can help them to get certain nutrition where they did not get from their diet .
However , such supplements have also found to have side effects .
Due to some findings , overtaking supplements can lead to kidney failure or diabetes .
It is because the sodium level in some supplements are too high , then it might lead to kidney failure .
Therefore , it is better for us to gain certain nutrition from natural food like fresh fruits and vegetables .
In conclusion , the aging problem is getting more serious , therefore , we have to pay more attention to this topic so that the problem can be eased .
With an exploding population , a quickly aging people is becoming a major issue in many countries .
With more career minded youngsters , marriage and having children are being postponed to the later stages of their lives .
The increase in the number of aged people has seriously slowed down the development of a country and burdened the government in terms of healthcare and financial aid packages for the elderly .
As a solution , several social policies have been implemented by governments around the world .
Another policy is to extend the retirement age to expand a nation's workforce .
A larger workforce allows employees to save for a longer period of time to strengthen their financial status for their retirement .
The Government of India has extended the retirement age of people from 58 to 60 in 2007 .3 However ,  productivity of aging people is lower compared to the youngsters .
Aged people are not able to work as porters , construction workers , and plumbers .
The elderly can opt to work as lecturers and teachers to put their experience to good use .
Mentoring the potential employees enables them to gain experience which would have taken them decades .
They can learn at a faster pace , thanks to the guidance provided .
Department head for example should be an older person so that they can impart their experience to the young worker .
The payoff of this investment is a highly efficient and the productive workforce .
As a conclusion , the policies that have been implemented by governments have countered the issue of aging workforces .
This solution can be further enhanced by employees .
Saving money on the onset of employment should be practiced in preparation for retirement .
Governments should play a part in making investments that provide returns .
The dividends of investments can be credited directly into employees' pension fund accounts .
With the cooperation of government agencies and the private sector , this issue can easily be resolved .
Leaving this issue unchecked means risking the welfare of the elderly , who have given years of their working life to the country .
They definitely deserve a break after contributing to their nation's economy .
If one looks back into the past just only 20 to 30 years ago , he/she can see a big step in the improvement to the quality of life thanks to the rapid development of modern technology .
As a result , people's lifespan also increases .
However , the question is whether we are ready for the increase in an aging  population or not ?
It seems to be good news , but to many developed countries , this fact is causing trouble to their leaders and because of that , many research and policies have been established to ease the aging process .
This essay will discuss those policies as the government's efforts to create a brighter future for the old people .
The context in Singapore will be looked into more detail as illustrations for this essay .
Before the creation of any policy , there is a need to analyse what the possible causes are in order to find out the most effective solution .
The most common difficulty faced by the elders is finance since they cannot earn their livings from their jobs anymore .
Hence , the governments propose a solution of encouraging working aged citizens to work more or increasing the inflow of immigrants so that government's tax income is enhanced and so does the subsidy for the elders .
Unfortunately , there are quite a lot of side effects attached with this policy .
First of all , with the current intensive workload , is it possible to put more burdens on employees' shoulders ?
In Singapore , occupational stress has been popular and even become a dilemma .
Nowadays , working-Singaporeans get so stressful from their work that they could barely have time for their own enjoyment and for their family .
Even more seriously , young people do not have enough time for dating which is shrinking the country's population .
We usually hear Singaporeans complaining about stress , primarily from work or from the education system .
One of the common reasons for Singapore's low birth rate is stress .
Therefore , we need to pay attention to work-life balance amidst our economic pursuits .
(Liang , 2006) .
Secondly , inviting more working immigrants as an alternative method is not a good idea either .
(APMRN , 1996): One of the issues raised is the potential competition for use of resources such as public space , transportation , etc .
This concern has been expressed by some Singaporeans over the gathering of foreign workers in certain parts of the city on weekends , particularly where these places are at or near residential areas .
Overcrowding on roads and other public spaces , littering , vandalism , urinating in public and theft are some of the complaints levelled .
More foreigners not only raise the crime rates but also require government to spend more money on developing infrastructure , public housing to accommodate all of them .
All of these troubles that the application of this policy brings about may outweigh the benefits .
The appliance therefore needs further consideration and comparison between what we get and what we lose .
Besides , another method considered is encouraging later retirement and longer working lives .
Although it is true that when the elders work more , they can earn more , hence reducing old-age dependency , the implied cost may not be less than the benefit .
Though the elders have a lot of experience , they may not work as effectively and make decisions as quickly as the younger generations do .
There may not be enough jobs for both young and old people , especially in an economic downturn like today .
Therefore , finally , governments may need to spend a large amount of money on creating incentives for companies to hire old people , namely: tax reduction , subsidy for each elder employed , etc .
Moreover , old people may not be strong enough to withstand the stress at work and the cost for healthcare and insurance for old working people will surpass the profit , which all companies try to earn as much as they can .
For all the above reasons , this policy seems to be impractical .
In conclusion , it seems that we are still not ready for an increasing old age population yet .
Despite the government's attempt to ease the aging process , there are still many issues that need further careful consideration .
Having such advanced technology in the current world , the aging population will be expecting a longer and healthy life expectancy .
Therefore , the baby boomers in the early 1950s will be likely to live well into their 80s and 90s .
Such trends will cause a drastic decrease in the world's population by 2050 if the fertility rates do not increase substantially .
Due to low fertility issues , most developing countries are currently facing a situation where there will be insufficient people to replace the retiring labor force and mortality of the aging population in the near future .
Since such aging issues cannot be resolved instantaneously , technological means and governmental policies should be implemented over time to reduce negative societal and economical impacts brought by the aging trend .
Statistical researches have shown that most couples are unable to sustain two or more children due to the high cost of living and constant increase in inflation .
Despite  these economic constraints , there is still an urgent need for the government to increase the amount of children per household to replace the huge retiring labor force in order to maintain the economic growth within a country .
By having sufficient replacement in the labor force , it will generate adequate taxes and economic returns for the government to provide public pensions and subsidized health programs for the aging population .
On top of that , producing more children also means that it enables the future generations to better distribute their social responsibilities in the context of fulfilling their filial obligations , resulting in lesser elder dependency on the government .
Therefore , the government should implement policies such as giving monetary incentives and tax rebates to encourage the current generation to produce more children .
As for those couples who are facing infertility problems , the government can minimize such social problems by maximizing the use of current technology simultaneously with the aid of new policies and subsidy schemes to make infertility treatments more affordable .
However , such subsidies will be available on a case-by-case basis where only infertile couples who fall below a certain household income range will be entitled these subsidies .
In addition , for those who are not eligible to receive the subsidy , the government can liaise with local banks to offer short-term loans to encourage them to take up such treatments .
With these policies in place , infertile couples will less likely  be a burden to the social and economic aspect of an aging population .
Another way to ease the aging process is to encourage "active aging" , which refers to encouraging later retirement and longer working lives of each individual .
It is stated in CEC (2009) as "an orientation towards policies and practices including life-long learning , working longer , retiring later and more gradually , and engaging in capacity-enhancing and health sustaining activities .
Such practices aim to raise the average quality of individual lives and , at the same time , at a societal level , contribute to higher growth , lower dependency burdens and substantial cost savings in pensions and health .
They therefore represent win-win strategies for people of all ages ."
Nevertheless , this is a difficult task as the efficiency and productivity of elderly workers decreases with their increase in age .
This means that it is less likely to reduce elder dependency if there are no substantial benefits to employ such employees .
However , with the creation of new policies such as tax rebates , it will attract employers to hire older workers .
For example , giving tax rebates to employers who hire more than three workers aged 60 and above .
Besides targeting the employers , the government can try improving the productivity of elderly workers by offering training or retraining for employees above the age of 50 .
These schemes will equip the aging community with sufficient technological/technical knowledge to remain productive and efficient in the labor force despite  their disadvantages .
In conclusion , with the aid of the current technologies and governmental policies , countries can ease its aging process by increasing the fertility rates , encouraging filial obligations and active aging  , reducing elder dependency on government , and lastly , improving the productivity and efficiency of elderly workers .
With these in place , the impact of an aging population on the social and economic aspects will be greatly reduced .
In recent years , governments have been faced with the demographic reality of an aging population .
Main concern is that the graying population may cause the national economy to come under pressure as there will be less younger people to support the growing numbers of elderly .
The rise in the median age of a country can cause substantial burden to the economy because governments will have to incur huge spending on healthcare system to meet the needs of the growing demand of healthcare services .
However , current research and policies have helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
Such policies include social policy like increasing the retirement age , allowing more employable immigrants into the country and introducing retirement schemes to ease basic needs after retirement .
The increase in retirement age will give people a few more years of earnings to build up social security and savings .
Karen Holden (2003) suggests that as people work longer , it can help to reduce the likelihood of the elderly falling into poverty when they reach a certain age .
This also allows them to lead a better quality life and support themselves so as to reduce the dependency on the younger generation for a longer period of time .
On the other hand , the increase in retirement age does not necessarily mean that people will be able to maximize their working years as some might be faced with health issues even before their retirement age .
Forcing oneself to work beyond his/her limit might cause one's health to further deteriorate and have a negative impact to the economy .
However , even if the elderly were to become inactive from the working society and rest at home , it does not mean that he/she will recover faster .
A greying population has created pressure for the younger generation as the ratio of young adults supporting one elderly has been constantly decreasing .
Therefore , allowing more employable immigrants into the country may be one of the social policies that can help to ease the aging process .
Increasing the number of employable immigrants will help to lower the median age of the population and at the same time , result in a rise in the efficiency level because of a more competitive workforce .
On the contrary , such policy can lead to social problems as the increased competition can result in citizens losing their job to the foreign immigrants and eventually causing them to lose confidence and feel demoralized .
However , the quote from Matthew Bandyk (2009) , "The evidence is actually pretty strong that immigrants create jobs--they don't steal them ."
can justify that the locals will have more job opportunities when foreign companies set up businesses here .
Policy to introduce retirement schemes is also believed to be one of the factors in easing the aging process .
Take Singapore as an example , the government has made it compulsory that every working adult must contribute a certain percentage of their monthly income into their individual CPF (Central Provident Fund) account in preparation for retirement .
This retirement scheme helps to reduce pressure on the economy as it allows the elderly to have a considerable sum of money in the future to support themselves .
Then again , savings in CPF account can be exhausted even before retirement depending on how it is used and a person's ability of saving .
People classified under lower income groups will usually face problems with insufficient savings and will ultimately still need support from the government .
However , this group of people is only the minority and that the retirement scheme will still make an overall impact on the economy as it can be deemed beneficial to the majority .
The social policies mentioned in the above paragraphs might be helpful in influencing the public on doing something individually which can affect the nation as a whole .
In summary , Social policies such as increasing the retirement age might result in lesser dependency on the younger generation while lowering the barrier of employable immigrants will decrease the median age of the population and lastly , the introduction of a retirement scheme can allow people to save for their retirement .
Therefore , it can be concluded that social policies do play a part , to a large extent , in easing the aging process .
The world population is expected to increase from 200million to 2 billion between 1950 to2050 , especially for people aged 60 and above (Somavia ,2002) .
It is becoming an increasingly important issue for governments all over the world .
Measures have been implemented to slowdown the process of a matured society (Peterson , n .d .) and at the same time cope with the problem brought about by an ageing population (Dobriansky ,2007) .
In the following paragraphs , issues on whether the government should redirect public funds to other more important matters concerning the country , or focus on improving the health of the aged by growing the resources especially for them .
The concerns that will be discussed if funds should be put into funding education and its facilities , and the growth of the country itself is  more paramount  with regards to the country's development .
Education is deemed one of the most vital matters concerning the public and it is of remarkable worth to the economy (Dobriansky ,2007) .
When majority of the funds are diverted into improving education facilities , the aged will not be able to save up enough money whilst actively working .
The reason for this is because bringing up children these days is expensive , which will result in a burden for parents .
So income earned by parents will be drained through educating children , and parents will have nothing to rely on when they age .
The government should implement schemes and insurance for parents to rely on instead of spending most funds on education facilities .
However , as stated by Afonso( 2008) , he implied that when there is high social spending together with good education , it will result in optimistic income distribution .
Afonso's view supports my stand that public funds being  diverting into the education system is fundamental .
In this case , governments can help parents to save whilst bringing up their children , this provides sufficient support due to aid by government for educating children .
With support provided by the government to educate children , parents can save a substantial amount while allowing their children to receive education .
Public education in Singapore is almost entirely financed by the government except for preschool education .
Singapore has a compulsory scheme for Singaporeans to save money for health-related issues through Medisave (StateUniversity .com , n .d .) .
Medisave is a contribution by every employee of about 6 .5-9% of his monthly salary to his personal account .
Funds can be used to settle hospital bills of the individual or his immediate family members , reducing the problem of having not enough monetary resources (Ministry of Manpower ,2007) .
Economic Growth is another issue that should not be neglected when a country is concerned about her development .
There should not be a diversion of public funds because economic growth is dependent on consumption , investments , and government expenditure (Alemohammad ,2009) .
Economic growth can be brought about through consumption and investments , not necessarily government incentives .
This means that public funds should be given to providing for the aged as economic growth can be dependent on other factors .
Conversely , as stated by Mackenzie (2009) , Canadians benefit amounts to $17 ,000 from the public services from tax funds , about the same amount a Canadian working full-time would earn .
Since extensive monetary benefits are given out to Canadians , it should not be a problem for them to cope with ageing as they can save while benefitting from government incentives .
In addition , economic growth can come about through diverting funds into more valuable areas like education .
Education worth directly affects individual earnings (Hanushek ,2007) .
Skills obtained allow for higher productivity in the workforce .
Young adults will be able to secure a well-paid job in the future; it will lead to higher consumption and investments (Saltz ,2007) .
Thus this leads to elevated economic growth and higher standard of living , and children will be able to look after their parents .
This means that through investing in children's higher education , the country is able to compensate for the decrease in public spending on the aged .
Hence , public funds should not be allocated solely to helping the aged .
Therefore , there will never be a situation where funds should be restricted to just one area .
Spending of public funds should be diverted to various areas of the country depending on its country focus .
Hence , government should consider what is more important for the country's development and direct the funds into that direction .
Bibliography Afonso .
(2008 , January) .
Retrieved from http://www .ecb .int/pub/pdf/scpwps/ecbwp861 .pdf .
Alemohammad .
(2009 , August) .
Retrieved from http://www .wise-intern .org/journal/2009/documents/Alemohammad .pdf .
Dobriansky .
(2007 , March) .
Retrieved from http://www .nia .nih .gov/NR/rdonlyres/9E91407E-CFE8-4903-9875-D5AA75BD1D50/0/WPAM_finalpdftorose3_9 .pdf .
Hanushek .
(2007) .
Retrieved from http://siteresources .worldbank .org/EDUCATION/Resources/278200-1099079877269/547664-1099079934475/Edu_Quality_Economic_Growth .pdf .
Mackenzie .
(2009 , April) .
Retrieved from http://www .gpn .org/data/canada/PolicyAlternatives_ca_Benefits_From_Public_Spending .pdf .
Manpower , M . O .
(2007) .
Retrieved from http://www .moh .gov .sg/mohcorp/hcfinancing .aspx ?id=304 .
Saltz .
(2007 , October) .
Retrieved from http://www .springerlink .com/content/av3210qm384457m0/ .
Somavia .
(2002 , April) .
Retrieved from http://www .ilo .org/public/english/employment/skills/older/download/engage .pdf .
StateUniversity .com .
(n .d .) .
StateUniversity .com .
Retrieved from http://education .stateuniversity .com/pages/1349/Singapore-ADMINISTRATION-FINANCE-EDUCATIONAL-RESEARCH .html .
At the beginning of the 21st century , we have to deal with a series of global issues , among them the aging population should be considered as a black spot .
Not only putting adverse impacts on other members in their families , the elderly  can cause many difficulties to societies'developments in general .
Beside the expense for societal aging , there are also sponsors from the government which need to be diverted to other fields .
For these reasons , it should be better if the money spent on the aged is deliberately limited for investing on many critical factors of the national economy .
To begin with , it cannot be denied that the governments have to care for elders partly because they weren't much concerned about their health in the past .
Along with the improvement of living standards , people have got used to the sedentary lifestyle - having a seat all day without any exercise .
Besides , during their adolescence , probably time for studying and various kinds of indoor entertainment such as movies or PC games constrained them from joining in outdoor activities and unintentionally stole the essential fundamentals for their health afterwards .
According to a study in 2004 , 20 percent of all deaths of people 35 and older were related to the lack of physical activities , even higher than those involved in smoking .
Moreover , because of the unawareness of humans , our damaged environment is really pushing us to the verge of  extinction .
Hence , before receiving public funds , aged people as well as their future generations should review their lifestyles to rescue themselves .
Secondly , the aged generation could strain national budgets .
When the aging population is excessive , this results in extra enormous expenditure and the government is pressured to ask the citizens for higher taxes .
However , once such taxes are applied , the poor unexpectedly become the first victims .
Naturally being full of financial issues , the more difficult and challenging life can push these innocent people to illegal behaviors .
Furthermore , due to high taxes , the reduced incomes of citizens could have negative impacts on their purchase and in the same way , the domestic market and the economy in general might be faced with a lot of trouble .
Countries with extended programs serving for health care to the aged might find the escalation in the cost when the number of recipients rise .
By 2050 , some economists predict that the fiscal burden of the financial crisis , for advanced countries , will be only about 10 percent of the age-related expense .
Additionally , it is clear that a nation's development is ruled by a lot of factors .
Some of them like education and military are compulsory and indispensable since they have unreplaceable roles in the destiny as well as a country's future .
For this reason , too much money paid for caring for the graying population means the shortage of concern on other essential areas .
Meanwhile , it might be recognized that public spending on the aged should be encouraged as a charity activity instead of being mandatory .
Why ?
The elderly can be looked after by their own families as a traditional aspect before relying on the support from the national budget .
Therefore , helping the aged on financial issues could not be the priority in a country's policies .
On the other hand , opponents of this position can argue that ther should be filial obligation for the dependence of this grey population on their children .
They were also parents sacrificing their whole life for the children so it is sensible that they are concerned at the end of life .
Since families are the nuclears shaping the society , humans morality should be well educated from these first shells , Nevertheless , it might be more useful for the aged if the pension age is put up or getting more exercise in order to prevent dangerous risks coming with their downgrading bodies .
In fact , Japan(2003) increased the age of retirement for men from 60 to 65 and from 57 to 65 for women .
As a result , despite the limit on money spending , we still respect traditional responsibilities .
Also , it might be necessary when citizens all act for the common target- the country's benefits .
Since the grey generation is just one part of a large society , its duty could be reduced for the growth of the whole society .
In conclusion , aging population is a global phenomenon , but it doesn't imply that the government should waste too much money on finding a solution .
The elderly people could be a huge expense on the national budget , while there are other significant sectors demanding for more concern from the entire society , In spite of partly against moral aspects , the country's interest might outweighs the filial obligations .
Instead of using money as the only method , it is highly recommended that changing all our lifestyle for being independent and healthy regardless of the age .
The problem of an aging population has been one of the top agendas in national policies and budgets for many politicians all over the world , especially for Singapore .
In the Budget 2007 , three billion has been earmarked for healthcare spending to deal with the issue .
However , Singapore should limit public spending on the aged because it does not provide a long-term solution for the nation and thus it should be spent on other developments that can indirectly but significantly relieve the economic burden of the aging population .
The other developments include medical science , science and technology and lastly , education .
Proponents claim that the government should implement better policies to alleviate the aging population with increasing public spending on mainly medical benefits because illnesses catch up with them as they grow older and the expensive treatments could possibly wipe out their savings accounts .
Compared to other countries such as the USA Singapore does not have as much monetary reserves , therefore it is not feasible .
Singapore has already implemented adequate schemes such as Medishield and Medisave for citizens to pay medical fees which are also heavily subsidised .
Unlimited public spending on the aged would only pose  a long-term problem for the nation .
Instead , it should be diverted to other developments that can aid Singapore's future developments .
Public spending on the aged can be diverted to medical science development .
It can be utilized in more in-depth research that develops new and inexpensive medicinal drugs for the public .
With the occurrence and wide spread of mutant viruses and disease , medical research serves a greater purpose for survival of the infected patients and drugs can be manufactured in large quantities and be easily available for them .
New treatments can also be developed to cure the illnesses encountered by the aged .
Therefore , public spending on medical science not only benefits the aged but also the people  who are diagnosed with virus's or diseases .
In addition , public spending on the aged can be diverted to advancing science and technology .
As Singapore does not have its own natural resource , we can develop new ways to gain these resources in order to be self sufficient .
For example , water has to be purchased from foreign countries such as Malaysia and Indonesia .
If Singapore fails to maintain good relationships with these countries , our lives will be in jeopardy without water .
Fortunately , in the recent development of Newater , water can be 'renewed' .
The government should emphasize on developing new land for high technological agriculture .
Thus public spending in science and technology can alleviate the rising cost of food which deals with the problem of the increasing population .
Lastly , public spending on the aged can be diverted to educate the younger generation on financial planning so that they can save enough for their retirement .
Most of the younger generation do not have the habit of saving because they have not been told or taught on how to deal with future obstacles they may face in the later years .
Therefore , it is necessary to improve their knowledge of planning for the future through financial planning so that they can cope with aging .
In this way , they will be less dependent on the government in the future .
In conclusion , the government should limit public spending on the aged and focus more on the major future developments which can help Singapore tackle the main problems that the majority of the local population faces , and also the root of the aging population .
Therefore , the aging population would be less of a burden to many politicians on how to allocate the national budget every year to cope with the problem .
Demographic changes such as a growing aging population will have an unprecedented problem in developed nations .
National budgets and economies will come under pressure as more funds are required to support the growing numbers of elderly persons .
In the context of Singapore , given the socio-economic and political disparity between the possible usages of the fund , the funding for the elderly issues remain controversial .
Ministry of Finance (2008) states that the Government will be contributing $226 million to top up Medisave accounts for the elderly .
The amount of public spending used to support the elderly has been seen as a more constructive expenditure on other areas of development of the nation .
To deal with such challenges , one of the options is to set boundaries on public spending on the aged .
However , setting limitations on public spending on the aged may or may not assist development of the nation but the changes may shatter the existing system .
With little economic growth and increasing expenditure to develop the nation , the majority of people regard the amount of public spending on the elderly can be used as a more constructive expenditure on other areas of developing the nation .
Ministry of Finance (2008) reports that many public infrastructure projects are financed by the Government through a combination of government grants , loans and user fees .
The budgett Speech in 2009 reveals the measures the Government is taking  to sustain the property market (Singapore Government , 2009) .
A 40% property tax rebate for industrial and commercial properties for 2009 will require about $800 million of the national budget (Singapore Government , 2009) .
These expenditures require the Government to explore possible ways to further utilize the national budget in order to continue to develop the nation .
Public policies assist the continuation of national development by encouraging education , research and development , and introducing the latest technologies to its people .
With the power of knowledge and advance technology , the nation can improve its economy and ensure that the well-being of current and future generations of older people is taken care of .
Public spending on the elderly in Singapore is carefully designed , so as to provide the needs of the aged in the best possible way , but the fund is insufficient to support the growing aging population .
Medifund Silver is introduced to provide means-tested socialized care for the needy elderly (The ministry of Finance , 2008) .
Ministry of Finance (2008) states that the Government will be providing $226 million in Medisave top-ups for 734 ,000 elderly in the nation , this amount of assistance cost breaks down to about $290 per elder .
MediShield covers more than 90% of the working population and almost 80% of the population (Ministry of Finance , 2008) .
On an individual basis , the elderly are ill-equipped to withstand the possibility of contracting a terminal disease , from the calculations from the Ministry of Health (2009) , a $2 ,227 treatment bill for  heart treatment is likely to devastate most retirees .
To increase the livelihood of the elderly , Dr Balakrishnan (2007) announced an increment of $30  .Forr the elderly living alone with no dependents will receive Public Assistance allowance of $290 per month .
All in all , Medifund Silver , Medisave and MediShield are focused and realistic approaches targeted to lessen the financial burden on future generations yet due to the insufficient fund , the current amount of public spending is not enough to sustain the basic necessity for elderly .
In the developed countries , a greying population brings about slow economic growth .
To progress as a nation or to leave out the elderly is controversial .
The argument Dr Balakrishnan (2007) points out reflects the insufficient public funding for the elderly , with $290 per month , it merely covers the basic necessity leaving elderly no chance to fall sick .
$1 a day will not be able to buy them one meal a day in any hawker centre (Dr Neo , 2007) .
This claim strongly emphasizes the lack of public spending on elderly , needless to say , the idea to set boundaries on public spending on them .
In addition , this can be seen that (Ministry of Finance , 2008) $226 million of funding on Medisave accounts for the elderly is insufficient to support the S$800 million property tax rebate (Singapore Government , 2009) , it may shatter the existing system by depriving elderly their basic necessity and healthcare needs .
Ministry of Finance Singapore .
Government spending must be sustainable and not burden future generations .
Retrieved 15 September , 2009 from {http://app .mof .gov .sg/news_forum/forumdetails .asp ?forumID=921}[HYPERLINK: http://app .mof .gov .sg/news_forum/forumdetails .asp ?forumID=921]
Singapore Budget 2009 .
Budget Speech 2009 .
Retrieved 15 September , 2009 from {http://www .mof .gov .sg/budget_2009/speech_pe/pe .html#s1}[HYPERLINK: http://www .mof .gov .sg/budget_2009/speech_pe/pe .html]
Ministry of Health Singapore .
Hospital Bill Size .
Retrieved 15 September , 2009 from {http://www .moh .gov .sg/mohcorp/billsizeDetails .aspx ?cId=49}[HYPERLINK: http://www .moh .gov .sg/mohcorp/billsizeDetails .aspx ?cId=49]
Balakrishnan , V . and Neo , L . (2007 , March 9) .
Parliamentary debates Singapore official report eleventh parliament .
Estimates of expenditure for the financial year , Column No :3470 Retrieved 15 September , 2009 from {http://www .parliament .gov .sg/reports/public/hansard/title/20070309/20070309_S0004_T0001 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .parliament .gov .sg/reports/public/hansard/title/20070309/20070309_S0004_T0001 .html]
Aging population becomes a ubiquitous trend in many developed countries such as Japan .
The government confronts a series of financial and social problems .
The biggest challenge is to reduce the fiscal and economic cost of elder dependency .
Many policies have been proposed by scholars .
The idea that reserving retirement fund in advance can ease the aging process is regarded as an efficient and feasible method to the government (Peterson , 2001) .
However , some still think that the younger generation and the government are responsible to deal with the problem coming with aging population .
An agingderly people failed ano accumulate enough funds before retirement , they have to rely a lot on their children .
However , the younger generation have heavy financial burdens to take care of their own families and sometimes are unable to support their parents .
For example , in a Singaporean middle class familya retirementcouple usually has twhelp ease four children and lives in a governmental or private house with moforgage .
They have to work hard to provide the basic necessities of life , such as food , clothes , education etc .
In this harsh for dealingon , the elderly paof anave no incomes and no savings become a big financial strain to the young .
When the health conditions of the elderly people become bad , the financial burden on the young becomes overwhelming .
In some cases , an expensive medical bill can even lead a prosperous family to bankruptcy .
When the young are exposed to both financial and emotional stresses , they cannot concentrate on work .
Finally , it negatively affects the society by decreasing productivity and economic growth .
On the contrary , the government should coman obligation to save a certain portion of their incomes into special retirement accounts before they reach retirement age and allow the owners to withdraw the money when they retire .
The government could also give subsfunds to encourage the public to do so , for instance , offering a reasonably high interest rate .
Singaporean government has been doing well in this respect .
All Singaporean must save 5 percent of their total incomes and their employers contribute additional 20 percent into a government retirement account .
The government provides a 4 percent annual interest rate which is relatively higher than many commercial banks .
There are two reasons that the Singaporean government to do so .
One is to give confidence to the public; the other one is to help them to mitigate the effects of inflation .
Most Singaporean are expected to accumulate sufficient amount for retirement with the help of this system .
foran additionalwhileincomeSingaporeansThe SingaporeAging population is a social problem as well as an individual problem .
The government haincomensibility to help and guide the public to plan their retirement life .
Furthermore , the public must take care of themselves .
Providing retirement fund in advance is a long term project and this can only be achieved by raising public consciousness .
Public spending , in terms of taxes , refers to the sum of money charged by the government for specific facilities or services , levied upon incomes , property , sales , and more .
Some of the taxes include Income Tax , Property Tax , as well as Goods and Services Tax (GST) .
This strategy suggested is feasible to a large extent .
Public spending should be limited to a certain degree so that the budget would be diverted to different areas such as education , research and development , tourism  and the transportation system of the country .
The most basic yet important area of the country's development would be education .
In most countries , education is considered to be one of the fundamental sectors that the country's government can develop and improve on .
It is the base system of the country that imparts knowledge to the people and keeps a majority of them employed .
For that reason , the process of education is considered to be essential for the development of our society such that every child has to go through a minimum of ten years of basic education .
It has also become such an indispensable part of our lives that to the majority of people , it appears to be a norm to complete the whole process of the education .
It is crucial that the country has a good education system for  future economic development .
The Research and Development (R&D) sector allows the development of the country .
According to the Yearbook of Statistics Singapore , there has been an increase in demand for R&D by many companies .
As changes occur every day , modernization occurs , new technologies are introduced and people try to catch up with the rapid advancement .
In many cases , research and development is important to the countries' businesses and industries to boost knowledge and skills .
For favorable progress , it is important for the business sector , universities , colleges and research institutes to collaborate in order to stimulate innovation , growth and modernization .
More needs to be done in order to draw us nearer to the fast changing know- how of the society .
The tourism industry attracts foreigners to spend , thus giving rise to an inflow of cash into the country .
To many countries , tourism is their only source of income and is therefore vital for them to develop in this area .
For example , Maldives and Seychelles only earn the opportunity for employment in the tourism service industries .
It includes hospitality services , such as hotels and resorts , transportation services , such as airlines , cruise ships and taxis , as well as entertainment venues , such as shopping malls , amusement parks and casinos .
Thus , government initiatives for the tourism industry are important , to enhance growth throughout the country by promoting the development of the industry and also to increase employment opportunities by creating more jobs available for them .
However , on the other hand , there should be limited , but adequate percentage of public spending allocated to the aged  .
The reason being , many elderly are being neglected by their own children , and thus uninsured .
They might not have enough money to get their regular medical checkups done .
So , does this means that they will die ?
This problem will continue to get worse every year if there is  inadequate attention paid .
Though it is important to solve the problem of the graying society , we should limit our public spending in this sector so that we can  budget for other aspects of a country's development , such as the transportation infrastructure .
A significant level of road traffic can be created due to the high density of an urban environment .
This can have a great impact on businesses and environmental factors .
Therefore , careful planning and development of the transportation system are crucial .
More money should be used to develop this infrastructure in order to support the moving of goods from one place to another efficiently and effectively .
Parking space is another concern .
For example , in Singapore where land scarcity poses a big issue , multi-storey carparks are built to allow more vehicles to be parked given the same land area used .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited to a certain percentage that is adequate for the welfare of the aged .
On top of that , public spending should also be diverted across different aspect of social concerns that lead to the development of Singapore .
By putting a limit for the spending on the aged , we can create more budgets to spend on  education , research and development , tourism industry and transportation system as they are equally important to our nation .
No , I do not agree with the statement .
Current researches and development/polices have indeed eased the aging process but only to a small extent .
The aging issues that today's elderly face include active life expectancy , diet/nutrition , disease prevention , health behaviors and beliefs , health service utilization , mental health , long term care  etc .
The technological advancement in medical science will be discussed to address some of the issues mentioned .
With investment in technologies , it provides new opportunities for medical interventions .
For example , Stem Cell technology greatly helps to aid the discovery of new medicines by improving the process of developing new compounds .
By adopting this technology , we can now develop medicines that are safer and more effective .
This is necessary to help ease the aging process .
Moreover , with recent advances in science , more treatments can be developed to treat disease .
These treatments will be helpful because people get increasingly susceptible to chronic illnesses .
However , with new development of treatments , it will mean that there will be an increase in health care cost .
This will lead to an increase in burden for the elderly .
In the context of Singapore , to address this issue , various financial health care schemes like Medisave and Medishield are implemented to help lessen the financial burden for the elderly .
Technology and its advancements have given medical science the forefront to ease the aging process .
Another example will be the invention of nutritional supplements .
Research has found out that by taking nutritional supplements on a daily basis  ,it can provide significant health benefits for the elderly , reducing the possibilities of them falling sick .
There are current on-going research on the different types of dietary supplements that can reverse disease , improve the overall health of the elderly and help them to live a longer , happier life .
This in turn slows down the ageing process and promotes a healthy lifestyle .
However , some nutritional supplements have harmful side effects .
It contains addictives that can deteriorate the health of the elderly .
Preventive measures can be taken by referencing medical brochures/guides , or consulting the doctor on the suitable type of supplements to consume if one has a medical history .
Such well-tested medical products have helped to ease the aging process .
When people grow older , they have to cope with the physical , mental and emotional stresses of being old . .
These stresses will cause negative influences on health as it affects our bodily functions .
However , social policy can address such issues to make the aging process less painful for the elderly .
For example , the Singapore government has introduced a pilot wellness programme for the elderly Singaporeans in an effort to promote a healthy lifestyle among them and also engaged them socially .
The key components are mainly regular medical-check ups and follow up , regular exercises , and social networking .
By exercising , the elderly improves their overall health and helps to prevent chronic diseases .
Social networking helps the elderly battle against loneliness and makes new friends .
All these factors improve the overall quality of life for the elderly .
However , social policy has to be revised  to address the changing needs of the elderly .
With effective social policy , it will help to slow down the aging process .
In conclusion , current research and development/polices has helped to ease the aging process but only to a small extent .
Technology can be used as a solution to cope with the current healthcare challenges we are faced with .
However , in the future , healthcare systems have to be reformed to deal with the increased needs of healthcare support required by the aged .
While the advancement in healthcare industry can help prevent diseases and other consequences of aging , medicine alone is inadequate .
A healthy lifestyle is important for the elderly to enable them to cope with stresses physically , emotionally and mentally .
It also helps to reduce the risk of disease .
An ageing population is currently a global phenomenon that occurs in many parts of the world .
Singapore has currently one of the fastest growing ageing population in Asia , with the current one in twelve citizens being the age of 65 and over set to increase to every one in five in 2030 .
Hence , public spending on the aged in Singapore has a high possibility of rising in order to cope with the shift in aging structure .
However , limitations should be set on the public spending on the aged to a large extent in order to promote the country's development in other areas .
In Singapore , where there is a reasonably low birth rate and top-notch health care which helps prolong people's lives , population aging is inevitable , hence being prospective-looking , the strategy that is feasible would be to reallocate  funds and attention to other areas , in particular , Education and Tourism .
The diversion of capital into the Education Sector will enable Singapore to identify more opportunities .
Singapore is presently building an education hub in Asia , investing millions of funds to boost her image and economy .
As foreign students start pouring into Singapore , it is projected that education services will generate about five percent of the gross domestic product .
Moreover , a high quality education system will be beneficial for the next generation , as exhibited by the ripple effect .
The increased education quality will extend an average Singaporean's working span allowing an increase accumulation of savings .
This will indirectly help to solve some of the problems posed by an ageing population , as it will help to reduce elderly dependency and changing Singapore into an independent society where elderly will be less reliant on the government .
The tourism industry is another area Singapore should divert her funds into as the industry is highly influential , affecting other related industries such as the hotel and service industries .
The tourism industry posted high revenue of S$14 .8 billion in 2008 , a 4 .8% increase from 2007 .
This increase has demonstrated the potential of Singapore's tourism industry and making full use of every opportunity presented in this sector will be vital , owing to the colossal impact this industry has on other industries .
For instance , the upcoming Integrated Resorts (IR) will without a doubt stimulate a positive impact on the economy , both financially and image-wise .
Therefore , by reallocating more funds and attention to this industry , it will bring about a positive change in the Singapore tourism industry and economy as a whole .
On the contrary , the effect of this ageing population will increase the expenditure in both the healthcare and welfare services , with the aged being the major beneficiary in both areas .
More capital might be required to be invested into the healthcare sector .
As people continue to age , they will be more prone to more illnesses which require much healthcare attention , establishing a direct relationship between age and the need of health care .
By not limiting the public spending on the aged in this sector , it will allow more research and development to carry on and technologies to be imported that will ease the ageing process .
Nevertheless , the choice to not limit the public spending on the aged will only help to solve today's problem of the ageing population .
On the other hand , diverting capital to the education and tourism sectors will not only help with the country's developments , but will also help to solve the current problems with today's generation of the aged .
This win-win situation will allow Singapore to embrace itself for the future challenges and reduce elder dependency .
In conclusion , the decision whether to limit public spending for the aged in order to divert it into other areas is a very debatable issue .
With many pros and cons on both sides , this issue will definitely meet many different opinions from different people .
Nonetheless , the decision to divert funds to other area's for development such as education and tourism will be the most viable one , solely because of the fact that not only does it help with Singapore's development , but also coping with challenges that arises with an  ageing population indirectly with time to come .
Hence , Singapore should continue to focus and direct her attention and spending onto the tourism and education sector so as to reinforce the country's development and strength .
Bibliography
Encyclopedia of the Nations: Asia and the Pacific .
Retrieved September 13 , 2009 , from , http://www .nationsencyclopedia .com/economies/Asia-and-the-Pacifi c/Singapore .html
CNN .
Singapore hopes to become global education hub Retrieved September 11 , 2009 , from http://www .cnn .com/2003/EDUCATION/10/13/singapore .education .reut/
Embassy of the Republic of Indonesia Singapore .
Factsheet: Tourism Sector Performance for January to December 2009 Retrieved September 13 , 2009 , from http://www .kbrisingapura .com/singapore_highlight/stb_monthly_factsheet_febr_ 09 .pdf
Old age , for a normal person , is the last stage that one has to go through in his life .
This is the stage when the elderly have to face the changes in their physical appearances and also mental sensitiveness .
They start to have wrinkles on their face and their hair colour turns gray or white .
Their memory power starts to become weak and they tend to forget things easily .
This aging process has made old people suffer from functional and mental disabilities , causing them to feel inferior and being alienated .
This is the time when the psychological practitioners and the government have to step in to help ease the aging process of the elderly .
The government can help ease the aging process of the elderly through the implementation of social policies which encourage later retirement , longer working life and lower barrier for the employment of the elderly (Peterson , 2001) .
By working longer , the elderly can accumulate more wealth , which can be used in their post-retirement life .
Some people may say that old people's working ability starts to decrease when they approach retirement age .
The aging workforce will then decrease  work productivity and lower the nations economic development .
However , it is proven by John Rowe and Robert Kahn in their study that those who continue to work and participate in social activities after their retirement life are very unlikely to experience physical and mental decline .
There are still a portion of elderly persons who age successfully .
The working experiences of some elderly individuals can be  a good asset to the development of the society .
Therefore , in order to introduce this policy , the government has increased the retirement age of working persons , and has given fewer incentives to fund their after-retirement life , so that they will prolong their working life .
To ease the aging process of the elderly , the government has also introduced and encouraged the need for working individuals to prepare a fund for their future use .
The private savings funds and investment plans may be optional , but the government implemented one should be mandated , so that every retired citizen will have a secured fund for their post-retirement use .
In Singapore , the Central Provident Fund (CPF) has been introduced to provide the working Singaporeans with a sense of security and confidence in their life after retirement .
The workers and the employers are required to make monthly contribution to the CPF accounts .
Some people may think that the saving plans will only benefit those who earn more .
Those who earn less will be less privileged .
However , it is proven wrong , because there are different plans which cater to different person's needs .
Most plans have very low requirements , so that to make sure every working individual can benefit from the savings plans provided .
This will definitely reduce the financial burden of the working force , and minimise the stress caused by financial difficulties .
In conclusion , psychological treatments such as counselling and also the implementation of government's social policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Although it has become an arising issue that the aging population will have a great impact on society and also the economic growth of the country , more emphasis should be given to the older generation , as they are an important asset to the nation .
Therefore , more measures have to be taken to make the aging process an easier one for the elderly .
Bibliography
* Peterson , P . G . (2001) .
A graying world .
Harvard International Review .
23(3) , 66 .
* Rowe , J . W . , & Kahn , R . L . (1998) .
Successful Aging .
New York: Pantheon Books (Random House) .
* Central Provident Fund Board {http://mycpf .cpf .gov .sg/CPF/About-Us/Intro/Intro .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://mycpf .cpf .gov .sg/CPF/About-Us/Intro/Intro .htm]
In general , our society is aging and there are problems associated with an aging population .
In Asia , Singapore is one of the fastest aging populations .
According to Inter-Ministerial Committee on Aging Report (1999) , currently 7% of its population is over the age of 65 , and this number will increase to 19% by 2030 .
There are three broad aspects of problems associated with the ageing process , namely the physical , emotional and financial aspect .
Physically , the aged will feel weak and body ailments will increase as a result of wear and tear of the body .
Emotionally , the elderly will feel lonely as their parents , friends and in some cases their life partner has departed .
Financially , the old no longer work and they can only depend on their savings or their children for their daily expenses .
Current policies such as Medisave , HDB's rules on housing where the young live near their parent and parents' maintenance act are therefore put in place .
Unfortunately , these policies have played a little role to ease the aging process for most of the elderly .
Currently , there are policies implemented to help the aging population in three different areas , physical , emotional and financial .
First , the elderly have weaker health and are more susceptible to chronic illnesses .
Medisave policy is introduced to aid in healthcare needs such as paying hospitalization expenses and selected outpatient treatments .
Next , to meet the elderly needs of emotional support , the government implemented additional grants on HDB housing to foster family bonding .
To illustrate , if couples are staying near or together with their parents , they have priority over regular applicants when they apply for new HDB flat .
Similarly , those buying resale flats benefit from a higher housing grant , approximately an additional of 10 ,000 dollar .
In this way , it enables the young to continuously get in touch with their parents .
Moreover , the elderly can help to take care of their children , if any .
Lastly , the  elderly lose income upon retirement , therefore , they have to depend on their savings or children for their expenses .
In cases where the elderly cannot support themselves financially and their children refuse to take care of them , Maintenance of Parents Act had been implemented in 1996 .
Consequently , parents can demand financial maintenance from their children through family court .
On the contrary , "the elderly will use between three and five times more health-care services compared to the younger generation" (Straits Times , 2007) , thus Medisave would be still inadequate to assist most of the elderly in their course of aging .
Besides , Medisave can be easily drained especially on chronic illnesses , which can tote up to a huge amount .
Furthermore , women of older generation in Singapore had particularly low average incomes because they received lesser education .
As a result , the amount of money in their Medisave will be very limited .
Moreover , most of the aged Singaporeans are not insured by anything else .
In essence , most of the old remains incapable to afford their medical expenses despite with the help of Medisave .
Next , HDB housing policy is only feasible for family that values filial piety .
According to Mr . Gerard Ee , chairman of Council for Third Age , it is progressively common for younger generation to abandon their aged parents .
Besides , for couples who purchase a house near their parents , they may not have time due to hectic work schedule and family commitments .
Thus , staying near their aging parents does not equate to giving them the desired emotional support .
In additional , elderly will need friends to talk to and at the same time to accompany them .
In this way , it can keep them socially active thus , feeling valued .
Lastly , the policy on Maintenance of Parents Act remains highly ineffective to seek children to support their parents for four different groups .
First , the sandwiched generation that is expected to take care of their children and their aging parents and on top of that to manage the increasing standard of living .
Hence , the breadwinners would find it difficult to cope with their own needs and support their growing children and aging parents .
Second , majority of the aging parent is not willing to resort to the law to receive financial maintenance because they do not want to further strain the relationship with their children .
Next , the law is not applicable for children who are overseas and their aging parents are all alone here .
Finally , a large family when merely one child takes the main bulk of care giving duties of their aged parents .
In brief , the current Maintenance of Parents Act alone is not sufficient to help the elderly to be financially dependent .
All in all , the current policies benefit minority of the aging population .
Most of the elderly still remains vulnerable to the aging process and improvements can be made to create a less painful process .
For instance , government can lighten the aged burden of medical expenses by subsidizing one of the visits to the polyclinic for an amount up to a hundred dollar every six months .
In any case , for any policies to be effective , government have to continuously revise them by analyzing the current situation and making adjustments to the policies accordingly .
Government must not forget to consider whether they are putting too heavy a burden on the current generation .
To summarize , a balance must strike between responsibility of individual , government and their family members .
Populations in many developed nations are facing a demographic time bomb in the form of an ageing population , and Singapore is no exception .
This is largely due to the fact that Singapore encountered a baby boom between 1947 and 1964 and thereafter , people started to have fewer children .
The baby boomers are generally better educated , richer and healthier as they were the beneficiaries of a developing education system and the predecessors of industrialization and the primary contributors of Singapore's economic growth .
Hence , they enjoy a longer life span which resulted in a demographic shift in Singapore today .
A phenomenon as such would have repercussions on the economy and society .
Therefore , the government plays a crucial role in addressing the challenges of an ageing population through implementing programs which involve expenditure by the government .
Such expenditure is known as public spending .
However , as Singapore aims to be a world-class city , the government should not only focus its expenditure on the aged but also on other areas of development such as development projects and education .
Public spending on the aged should be limited in terms of healthcare and eldercare services , housing and accessibility .
Firstly , it is important for the government to finance healthcare and eldercare services as it is inevitable that people fall ill and frail as they get older .
By 2030 , one in five Singaporean residents will be aged 65 years and above .
Thus , the government should seek to construct more healthcare and eldercare facilities as the current number of healthcare institutions such as hospitals and nursing homes may be insufficient to cater to the increasing needs of the population .
With an increase in healthcare facilities , the government has to ensure that there are sufficient skilled healthcare service providers through implementing training programs and introduce incentives to attract skilled foreign labour .
Secondly , the government should execute schemes and regulations to ensure that housing is affordable for the elderly .
In the United States , sharp increases in the housing costs fueled by rising urban land prices have created difficulties for the elderly to afford housing and this resulted in an increase in the number of homeless .
Thirdly , the government should construct elder-friendly facilities such as lifts in every HDB flat to restrict hindered access from homes to public amenities , communal and recreational facilities for the aged .
Lee Hsien Loong .
(2009 , January 1) .
Preparing for an ageing population - the Singapore experience .
Retrieved 15th September , 2009 , from {http://www .nus .edu .sg/nec/InnoAge/documents/AARPjournalwinter09_PMLee .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .nus .edu .sg/nec/InnoAge/documents/AARPjournalwinter09_PMLee .pdf]
Even though it is essential for the government to allocate public spending on the aged since the effects of the ageing population will impact the national economy and society , unlimited funding on the aged may have negative implications on the economy .
By 2030 , the number of elderly in Singapore will increase to 18 .7% and the number of working persons supporting one elderly person will decrease to 3 .5 persons .
These statistics have proven that population aging is enduring and this means that tackling the challenges that come along with it is a long term process for the government and government spending on the aged will continue to increase .
Hence , unlimited funding instead of proper allocation of public spending on the aged may drain the economy .
Since a primary source of revenue for public spending comes from taxation , the government will have to increase the tax rates in order to finance its unlimited spending on the ageing population .
This may lead to unhappiness in and weariness of the working population especially given that the number of working persons supporting an elderly has decreased .
High levels of taxation may also lead to a decrease in domestic and foreign investments .
Unlimited funding may discourage people from staying employed and accumulating savings to see them through their old age as they may have the tendency to rely on the benefits provided by the government .
Unemployment will cause the workforce to shrink and result in an economic slowdown .
Therefore , it is important for the government to develop policies like the Central Provident Fund Scheme that helps the government to limit spending and assist the elderly to be self sufficient at the same time .
As the only natural resource available in Singapore is people , human capital is crucial to the survival and progress of the nation .
Hence , the Singapore government should be far-sighted to see the value of education and should set aside funds to continue investing in it .
In order to have a well-trained workforce to cope with a knowledge-based economy of the 21st century , the government has to provide  more funds to ensure that the people are receiving a more all-rounded education by introducing a more extensively planned academic program , building more educational institutions and hiring and training more educators .
The Singapore government has unveiled in its 2001 concept plan that the vision for Singapore in the 21st century is to become a thriving world-class city .
In order to become a world-class city , the government has to pump in funds to rejuvenate and upgrade existing areas for living and working , creating more recreational space and continue to develop the commercial and industrial sectors .
A world-class city also means that the nation should be safe and secure .
Thus , the government also has to invest in research and development of defense technology which can deter small and vulnerable Singapore from any potential invasion .
As evident , the government has to handle many areas of concerns with regards to developing the nation into a world-class city .
Therefore , the government may require several years and a huge amount of public spending to achieve the vision of becoming a world-class city .
The challenges that come along with an ageing population are unavoidable and Singapore has to make preparations now to confront them .
Even though the government has implemented measures such as the CPF scheme and building of more healthcare institutions , more remains to be done .
As the pace of population ageing increases with time , the issues may become more complex because of the changing expectations and preferences of the population .
With a demand for a higher standard of living , the government may have to divert more public spending to look after the increasing needs of the aged .
However , as the government also needs to focus public spending on other areas of developments , the government can look into adopting an integrated approach which urge better cooperation between key agencies and emphasize the need for community support .
Everyone has a responsibility to assist seniors living among us and people need to change their mindset of seeing the elderly as  a burden to the society when in actual fact , the elderly are the knowledgeable and experienced resources of the society .
Bibliography
Jacqueline Rose .
(2003 , September 17) .
Retirement Age , Raising of .
International Debate Education Association .
Retrieved September 13rd , 2009 , from {http://www .idebate .org/debatabase/topic_details .php ?topicID=226}[HYPERLINK: http://www .idebate .org/debatabase/topic_details .php ?topicID=226] .
Yukio Noguchi .
(1994) .
Aging in the United States and Japan: economic trends .
Chicago: University of Chicago Press .
Robert J . Samuelson .
(2005 , May 18) .
Retirement at 70 .
The Washington Post .
Retrieved 13th September , 2009 , from http://www .washingtonpost .com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/05/18/AR2005051800274 .html Bryan Lee .
Ageing population may hurt Singapore most .
asiaonebusiness .
Retrieved 15th September , 2009 , from {http://www .asiaone .com/Business/News/My%2BMoney/Story/A1Story20080627-73309 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .asiaone .com/Business/News/My%2BMoney/Story/A1Story20080627-73309 .html]
MCYS .
(2006 , February 3) .
Committee on Ageing Issues , Report on the ageing population .
Retrieved September 15rd , 2009 , from http://www .mcys .gov .sg/successful_ageing/report/CAI_report .pdf
According to the United Nations (UN) the number of elderly people has tripled in the past 50 years and will continue to rise in the near future .
In developed countries , the median age rose from 29 .0 in 1950 to 37 .3 in 2000 , and is forecasted to increase to 45 .5 by 2050 .
Declining fertility , along with longer life expectancy , attributes to an aging population .
In order to cope with the rising numbers of elderly , the government has increased public spending on health care programs and subsidiaries .
Although an aging population is a global phenomenon , public spending should also be allocated in other areas of the country's development such as tourism or housing to help increase economic growth , to make Singapore a global city .
One of the major problems the elderly face today is the lack of financial security .
Singapore is not a welfare state unlike countries such as America and the United Kingdom .
Elderly who were not able to save enough will face the problem of making ends meet when they are old .
Furthermore , global inflation and rising medical costs will add to their financial burden .
Thus , their only solution is to turn to the government for assistance .
The Singapore government has recently introduced a new CPF policy which provides lifelong income for the elderly , instead of the current policy where payouts only last about 20 years .
However , such programs are a burden on the country's budget .
Tourism is an important aspect that Singapore could further dispense its budget on .
According to the Singapore Tourism Board , in 2006 , Singapore achieved a record of 9 .7 million visitors , compared to 8 .9 million in 2005 .
An estimated sum of $12 .4 billion was spent .
Singapore hopes to achieve a record of 17 million visitors by the year 2015 .
With such a high volume of tourists , more hotel rooms are required to accommodate them .
Strong competition from the region also requires Singapore to be unique from its neighbouring countries .
With no natural attractions and little resources , Singapore has no choice but to create man-made attractions such as resorts and casinos , or to come up with attractions that is only attractive to foreigners .
Such attractions require large amounts of money .
However , the benefits outweighs the negatives as it helps to create more jobs and attract foreign investors to invest in its thriving tourism which will help boost the country's GDP .
Education is also a very important development in a Global City .
The lack of education is one of the problems that elderly face in today society , thus leading to poor financial management .
As Singapore is small and doesn't have any natural resources , it is shaping its economy into a knowledge-based economy .
In order to achieve such goals , more resources should be channeled into the education system , such as providing additional funds to needy students , which allows them to break out of their poverty cycle; improving the infrastructures of schools and universities; and recruiting more teachers .
With a better education system , it allows Singaporeans to enter the workforce with better skills and increases their employability , thus preventing the problems which current the elderly are facing  .
Housing is also another major issue that Singapore faces .
Singapore currently has a population of slightly more than 4 million people .
The average population density is about 6814 per km  , thus it is one of the most crowded cities in the world .
To cope with the increasing population , more high-rise residential buildings known as HDB flats arebeing builtt .
These flats are heavily subsidised by the government to make it affordable .
More money should be invested in older flats , such as providing upgrades to the current facilities to improve the quality of life of citizens living in such areas .
Public spending on the elderly should not be removed .
However the government may have to consider limiting it .
Without limiting it , there will be over dependence on the government , worsening the current situation  .
If public spending is allocated to areas such as housing , education and tourism , the new generation will be more financially secure than their parents .
It will also help Singaporeans to stay ahead and be competitive in terms of employability and marketability , furthermore contributing to the country's GDP growth which helps in the overall  development of the country  the long term .
In 2007 , a Financial Times's reporter  mentioned that with the low fertility rate and an increase in life expectancy , Singapore would soon have only 2 .2 workers to support each elderly person[i] .
With such a low number of working adults to support the elderly , there would be a need for the government to at least maintain its current expenditure on the aged .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be overly limited .
Though public spending should be used fully on the aged , there are other areas of concern that the government money should be diverted to , such as the healthcare system .
Recently , the Singapore Prime Minister , Mr Lee Hsein Loong ,  stressed the need for a step down care system during his National Day Rally Speech for the nation's 44th birthday .
The step-down care system requires Singapore  hospitals to link with community hospitals , this , in turn , will enable long term  patients to enjoy a suitable care while saving money on hospital fees .
As the community hospitals charge less .
However , Singapore should not make use of the budget for the aged to improve other areas .
This is because Singapore will be suffering from an aging population by the time it reaches year 2030 .
If public spending for the aged is not well utilised for the next few years , Singapore will be having problems when the time comes .
Though the government has encouraged children to fulfill filial obligations by taking care of their parents , with their own family to take care of , children of these elderly parents would not be able to bare the financial burden .
This further emphasizes the need for a helping hand .
For the past decade , the Singapore government has  been emphasizing the value of self reliance on its citizen despite the economic ups and downs .
Policies , such as the Central Provident Fund (CPF) , has been implemented to ensure that Singaporeans are able to support themselves after retirement .
However , recently , many found that the amount is insufficient to keep up with the rising cost of medical fees , resulting in the use of the children's CPF account .
Currently , the common age group of children , whose parents are elderly , are in their late 40s or early 50s , and it is common that the children's CPF account is emptied because of the hefty medical bills .
If this vicious cycle continues , the future generation will suffer .
An extreme example would be when a grandfather uses and depletes the CPF account of the parents , and when the children grow and their parents suffer from long term illness , such as diabetes , they may use their CPF account if they do not have sufficient cash on-hand .
Therefore , the government should not limit their public spending on the aged .
In the above paragraph , the vicious cycle occurs when the elderly depend on their children but , what will happen to the elderly if the children refuse to fulfil their filial obligations ?
As a matter of fact , these old folks will be left on their own , with the support from welfare organisations .
However , for most cases , welfare organisations can only help in getting daily necessities for them .
When it comes to financial assistance , the welfare organisation , too , will have difficulty in helping the elderly .
This is because donations from the public are used to support the basic daily operations of these organizations , thus leaving little or nothing to help these old folks financially .
This , therefore , requires  further assistance from their next supporting pillar: the government .
Though decades of self-reliance has taught Singaporeans to stand firm and learn how to support themselves and their family  , now they can no longer do so .
With the rising cost of medical facilities , the elderly with the support of their children could no longer rely on their own CPF accounts and their children's income to pay the fees .
If such scenarios are already occurring to those elderly who have family , the situation would be worse for old folks who have no one to turn to except for the government .
If the government refuses to help these people who had once contributed to the country , who can they rely on ? ?
Therefore , even if public spending is required in other areas , public spending on the aged should not be limited .
[i] J .Burton (2007 , March) .
Singapore's social security system starts to creak .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 from Singapore Democrats , Your Voice Your Party Website: http://yoursdp .org/index .php/perspective/special- feature/341-singapores-social-security-system-starts-to-creak-
[ii] The Business Times .
(2009 , August 17) .
More step-down care facilities to complement public hospitals .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 from PropertyGuru .com .sg: http://www .propertyguru .com .sg/news/2009/8/20875/more- step-down-care-facilities-to-complement-publi
[iii] The Straits Times .
(2009 , August 16) .
Ramping up step-down care .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 from The Straits Times , Breaking News: http://www .straitstimes .com/Breaking%2BNews/Singapore/Story/STIStory_417642 .
html
As the saying goes "Time and tide wait for no man" , ageing is an inevitable process one has to face .
As an individual grows older , one will become more susceptible to various ailments and diseases that may render one incapacitated in some way or other .
(Illnesses of The Elderly , 2008) .
Moreover , one will become physically weak as one ages and this will lead a higher tendency to cause a lesion to oneself .
Thus , accessibility in the built environment is especially crucial as the number of people with mobility difficulties will increase significantly over the next 25 years in Singapore () .
This leads to a sudden need of facilities and technologies to cater for this particular group .
Consequently , the government has implemented several policies to lessen the burden of the ageing process while researchers have come up with brilliant inventions to increase the convenience and comfort level for the majority .
To put it simply , the technological inventions' researches and architectural policies have helped to ease the ageing process to a great extent in terms of convenience and comfort level .
However , the  ageing process is putting a strain on users' pockets financially even though the introduction of the facilities benefits them in terms of comfort and convenience .
To illustrate , although the Lift Upgrading Programme (LUP) that is introduced in Singapore is heavily subsidised by the government and the Town Councils , the beneficiaries are still required to pay a large sum in order to enjoy the benefits .
The maximum amount which the flat owners have to pay is capped at $3 ,000 (HDB , 2006) , and this amount is not a diminutive amount .
Although the residents have to pay to enjoy the benefits of convenience , the amount of benefits enjoyed by the residents are definitely more than the value that they have to contribute , in terms of long-term usage .
Seeing that , the policies or acts that were implemented under Building Construction Authority (BCA) and Housing Development Board (HDB) have improved the standard of living for the people .
The BCA states that "a $40-million Accessibility Fund had been set aside to upgrade buildings built before 1990 .
This fund is also used to upgrade all key areas and essential facilities in Singapore to provide at least essential accessibility by 2011" (BCA , 2009) .
Under this scheme , the LUP is introduced and it is designed to improve the flat's access and personal convenience by the Singapore government in 2001 (HDB , 2006) .
Since lifts in HDB blocks that were built before 1990 are not providing 100% access to every level , any existing building under Housing Development Board (HDB , 2006) will be altered and added with lifts that stop at every floor .
This change has made a significant change to the residents , especially elders who are physically weak .
Thus , there will be no need for them to climb the staircase where they might have the tendency to fall when using it .
Other than the LUP , Singapore government has also inputted public ramps to ease elders from climbing the stairs under the same scheme .
These strategies have aided in easing the ageing process effectively .
To give an example , The Straits Times on 31 August 2009 , reported that two new ramps , a covered shelter connecting the 20-year-old station to the nearest bus stop in Yishun Avenue 2 , as well as an additional drop-off point have been constructed for the elderly residents living at Nee Soon South , where it housed approximately 50 ,000 elderly residents (The Straits Times , 2009) .
Hence , the government policies with regard to architecture have helped to ease the ageing process effectively .
On the contrary , with the alteration made to the flats , the elders might rely too much on the lifts rather than using the staircase which could be the only form of exercise for them .
Thus , the convenience might unintentionally exacerbate the health of one being due to the lack of exercise .
Due to the fact that negative effects occur when one is too dependent on the usage of facilities , the town council has solved this problem by building Fitness Parks for elders to exercise to maintain a healthy body .
Moreover , the elders would have a more conducive place for them to do exercises as well as to treat it as a place for gathering .
Hence , the government policies with regard to architecture have helped to ease the ageing process effectively .
Besides that , other countries such as Japan that is facing ageing population problems have spent a large  amount on researching and testing on technologies to create healthy lifestyle products and medical equipment .
Therefore , the end products produced in terms of medical and lifestyle products will be costly and unaffordable to purchase for those financially weak elders and thus , not many elders will be enjoying the benefits .
This means that the elders will either have to work , use their savings or to approach their relatives for money to buy the products .
Hence , the elders who use these methods to obtain the products will only worsen their ageing process with financial worries .
Despite the fact that the end products might be expensive , it is still beneficial .
technological inventions have played another imperative role to ease the process of ageing .
Numerous innovations have been developed to ease the problems faced by everyone .
With the help of bio-technology , various types of massaging equipments and machines have been invented to ease the process of ageing .
This technology usually helps to ameliorate the health of users such as improving blood circulation , which helps users to have a healthier body; especially for elders who tend to have weaker bodies .
As these equipments or machines may calm down , give strength , relax the body , improves self-sensation and trigger regeneration mechanisms (The "Medical Club Ltd" , 2008) .
For example , OSIM has come up with many innovative healthy lifestyle products that provide such benefits .
In addition , there is a robotic suit that reads brain signals and helps people with mobility problem ()  launched in Japan , .
It is an invention that may have far-reaching benefits for the disabled and elderly .
Hybrid Assistive Limb (HAL) is a computerized suit fitted with sensors that read brain signals directing limb movement through the skin of user .
() .
This is extremely beneficial for elders who have lost the strength to handle daily's needs .
Hence , their lives could be eased by using this invention .
To sum up ,  current research has done a marvelous job on inventing new technologies that have helped to ease the ageing process of elders and the disabled .
The advanced technologies have proven to enhance the comfort zone with  sophisticated medical equipment and lifestyle electronic products .
To summarize , even though there are some disadvantages pertaining to cost and indirect negative effects , it is definitely beneficial for the elders and disabled to a huge extent .
Thus , it is important to keep improving our current research on technological inventions and government policies on architecture that have helped to ease the ageing process , as the benefits are definitely worth the cost .
As many believe health is wealth , if spending a little more could give the elders a healthy lifestyle , everything is worthwhile .
Bibliography
1 .
Illnesses Of The Elderly - 4 Most Common Ailments Affecting The Elderly {http://ezinearticles .com/ ?Illnesses-Of-The-Elderly---4-Most-Common-Ailments-Affecting-The-Elderly&id=1662832}[HYPERLINK: http://ezinearticles .com/ ?Illnesses-Of-The-Elderly---4-Most-Common-Ailments-Affecting-The-Elderly&id=1662832]
Over the past few decades  technological advances has increased significantly .
At the same time , the aging trend somehow seemed to have caught up with it .
The post war baby-boom generation is now starting to age , due to advancement in medical science and increased standards of living .
The average life expectancy has also increased , meaning that the elderly population will form a majority of the population  .
More emphasis will have to be placed to catering to the needs of the elderly , so that they can transit into the aging phase more easily .
Thanks to modern research and development , the aging process has been made less painful not only to the elderly , but to the societies as well .
As a person ages , physical changes in one's body occurs and their functions degrade with time .
Traits such as one's mobility , as well as visibility will be significantly reduced as compared to their younger days .
The chances of injury increases with age , as proven by statistics .
It was observed that more than one third of the elderly fall each year , and the chances of falling increases proportionately with age , and that three quarters of elderly falls were caused by "non-elderly friendly" design flaws of buildings .
If this trend were to carry on , national budgets and economies will come under pressure , as a large sum of money will have to be spent taking care of the elderly .
As a result some government campaigns might have to be delayed or even cancelled due to shortage of funds .
Therefore , a prevention measure , in the form of upgrading public facilities have been implemented to prevent this from happening .
One way is through advancement in technology .
Technology has always been beneficial to man .
With each passing day , technology evolves and moulds new inventions which can make life better , and easier .
Technological inventions can help the elderly overcome the limitations of their body due to old age or sickness , and in a way , prevent accidents from happening due to these limitations .
This can be achieved through introduction of inventions such as step-free buses , which helps ease the difficulty of elderly climbing up the steps of the bus .
Other inventions such as slip proof tiles and solvents can effectively cut down the possibility of falls due to slippery surfaces .
We are living in a concrete jungle , and as the population ages , the design of the structure has to evolve accordingly so as to cater to the needs of the people staying in it .
Architectural design with elder  friendly considerations will be crucial so that the chances of an injury in their homes will be kept to a minimal .
As stated earlier , proven through statistics , three quarters of elderly falls were caused by "non- elderly friendly" design flaws of buildings .
A series of upgrades are therefore implemented , in countries like Singapore and The United Kingdom , engaged in the 'UP' project .
In this project , buildings are being modified so that the lifts can stop at every level of the building .
By doing so , it effectively reduced the chances of the elderly having to use the stairs .
There has also been an increase in usage of slip free tiles in wet markets , a place frequented by the elderly .
Distress warning devices were also installed at every elderly home unit to ensure that they have a channel to call for help in event of trouble .
Although it might seem a feasible and effective way to cut down injury rate and therefore rising medical costs which will take the load off the national budget , it might do more harm to the economy than good as the government will have to spend more money investing into the installation of all these facilities to make it more "elderly friendly" .
The cost might even exceed the amount spent treating the elderly .
That will mean that in comparison , even more money and resources will have to be taken from the national budget to spend on upgrading of facilities rather than for the country's economical development .
However , these are long term investments and the advantages will surface as time goes by .
Furthermore , people , being a country's most valuable asset who have once contributed to the economy during their prime , should be entitled to all these inventions which will make their age transition less painful .
In a way its a form of 'paying back' by the government for their contributions to the country's development over the past few decades .
Aging , is an inevitable process which every man has to face .
We cannot stop aging from happening , but through modern research and development , which brought about the introduction of inventions and new architectural designs to cater to the elderly , the aging process has been made lesser painful to them .
As the world developsand progresses in medical science as well as in other fields , fields it has enabled the human race to make suitable changes .
These changes allow us to fight diseases , as well as make improvements in the quality of life .
The main objective of this report is to discuss and analyze the extent to which these various factors have helped ease the aging process .
* Family Court , 2nd December 2006 .
The Supreme Court of Singapore .
Retrieved September 11 , 2009 , from {http://app .subcourts .gov .sg/family/page .aspx ?pageid=3656}[HYPERLINK: http://app .subcourts .gov .sg/family/page .aspx ?pageid=3656]
* Priority Scheme .
Housing and Development Board .
Retrieved on September 11 , 2009 , from {http://www .hdb .gov .sg/bp13/bp13005p .nsf/General%20Conditions(BTOFeb09_SA) ?OpenPage&Click=#4 .1}[HYPERLINK: http://www .hdb .gov .sg/bp13/bp13005p .nsf/General%20Conditions(BTOFeb09_SA) ?OpenPage&Click=]
* DISTANCE ENQUIRY FOR MARRIED CHILD PRIORITY SCHEME (TO STAY NEAR PARENTS / MARRIED CHILD) .
Housing and Development Board .
Retrieved on September 11 , 2009 , from {http://services2 .hdb .gov .sg/webapp/BP13BTOENQWeb/BP13J012 ?strSystem=BTO}[HYPERLINK: http://services2 .hdb .gov .sg/webapp/BP13BTOENQWeb/BP13J012 ?strSystem=BTO]
Firstly , social policy has helped to ease the aging process as the financial burden of the aged has been reduced to ensure that all needy elderly patients are able to afford and receive basic treatments .
This is achieved when the Ministry of Health (MOH) put forth a sum of money in the way of Medifund Silver so that it can serve as the last resort for those who still cannot afford the medical fee despite the subsidies that were offered by the government or other charitable organizations .
Thus , most elderly will be able to stay physically healthier when they are able to receive professional treatment and medication which may be easier for them to take care of themselves in their old age .
Secondly , the "togetherness" between family members can reduce the painful aging process .
The concept of family has changed over the past few decades .
Many young married couples prefer to move out from their parents' place and start a small family on their own .
As children move out of their parents' residence , the aged parents have no chance or little time to see their children .
This change often brings upon the concept of being "abandoned" by their children .
This need has been met when the Housing and Development Board (HDB) introduced a scheme known as the "Married Child Priority Scheme (MCPS)" .
This scheme allows the married child to be given the priority in the balloting application with the condition that the flat they are applying is within 2 kilometers of their parents' residence .
Thus , children are staying near to their aged parents , bringing stability to their emotions .
Thirdly , the relief of the aging process can be established through family obligation .
This is achieved as people are encouraged or compelled by the law to carry out their duty as offsprings .
The Family Court of Singapore has established laws to ensure that an adult child has to put forth effort to support their own parents through informal and familial channels , for example: Parents Maintenance Act .
Thus , this gives a form of security to the elderly that they are loved by their children .
The strategies implemented might be successful; however , the painful process of aging is still inevitable unless the country can understand the inner world of the elderly .
Thus , we have to analyze and understand the problems that have been forgotten or overlooked by the developed country .
The change in the research and development of the country is so rapid that the elderly finds it difficult to catch up with the changes around us .
The world has become so IT savvy that almost all trades require employees to be equipped with IT skills .
As a result , the elderly are often rejected when searching for a job due to their inadequate skill set .
Thus , this gives an impression to the  aged that they are redundant and useless in the society .
Low self-esteem grows in the hearts of the elderly and can cause psychological instability , especially when they have been the head of the family in the past .
This drastic change cancause the elderly to be unable to keep up with the pace of the society .
Equipping of skills can be done with the support of the government by encouraging the elderly to take up courses at an affordable price .
Therefore , it enables the elderly to make use of the skills learnt to join the workforce , enabling them to increase their esteem level .
In a developed country like Singapore , an aging population often brings about multiple problems .
Before any decision can be made , leaders must understand the needs of the elderly .
At the same time , they should go beyond the realistic need of the elderly and provide more in-depth solutions to meet the needs of the elderly .
Bibliography
* Singapore Resident Population , 2003-2007 .
The Supreme Court of Singapore .
Retrieved September 11 , 2009 , from {http://www .singstat .gov .sg/pubn/popn/respop .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .singstat .gov .sg/pubn/popn/respop .pdf]
The government should not limit the amount spent on the aged because this problem is becoming more and more prevalent in Singapore .
An ageing population or what has been coined the "silver tsunami" is a phenomena faced by developed countries around the globe and Singapore is no exception .
Currently , one in 12 of the population is above 65 , but this has been projected to hit one in five by 2030 .
(Lee , 2009) .
Factors such as improvements in sanitation , medical technology , and public health awareness have raised the life expectancy of Singaporeans , resulting in an ageing population in Singapore .
The challenge of an aging situation will cause social issues such as the shrinking workforce to be faced with an increasing burden of supporting the elderly .
In 2000 , one elderly person was supported by 9 .8 working persons .
This will decrease to 3 .5 working persons per elderly person by the year 2030 (Vasoo , Ngiam , and Cheung , 2000) .
This sharp reduction in labour growth is expected to cause the average GDP expansion to slow to 3 .9 per cent between 2006 and 2030 , down from 6 .9 per cent from 1981 to 2005 .
Thus it is crucial to solve the issue of an aging population as it has a domino effect on the social and economic aspects of the society .
Megawati Wijaya .
(2009 , 27 August) .
Singapore faces a 'silver tsunami' .
Retrieved September 12th 2009 , from http://www .atimes .com/atimes/Southeast_Asia/KH27Ae01 .html Seah Chiang Nee .
(2007 , 4 March) .
Elderly Growing Old In hot-paced Singapore where welfarism is a dirty word , the lowly-skilled aged could head for tougher times .
Retrieved September 7th 2009 , from {http://www .littlespeck .com/content/people/CTrendsPeople-070304 .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .littlespeck .com/content/people/CTrendsPeople-070304 .htm]
Peter S . Heller .
(2006 , September) .
Asia: Ready or Not .
Retrieved September 12th 2009 , from http://imf .org/external/pubs/ft/fandd/2006/09/heller .htm
The sources of public spending in Singapore come mainly from taxes .
These taxes include personal and corporate income tax , goods and services tax and property tax .
We have to balance these resources with other areas of Singapore's development too: transportation , education , and defence in an effort to spur the growth of the economy .
Secondly , there is lack of healthcare professionals and facilities to cater to the needs of the elderly .
The difficult part is attracting the right people who are both competent and professional .
There is a current shortage of doctors in Singapore .
(Suhaimi , 2009) The current doctor to patient ratio is 1:620 and the nurse to population ratio is 1:210 (MOH , 2007) .
There is a lack of healthcare workers in specialized fields relating to elder care especially in the area of palliative care .
According to Dr Cynthia Goh , head of palliative medicine at the National Cancer Centre of Singapore , it is estimated that about "65 per cent of the population will need hospice in the future , up from the current 20 per cent ."
(Lien Foundation , 2008) .
There is also a severe shortage of hospital beds , with a long average waiting time of four to eight hours needed for admission to the hospital .
To resolve this issue , Singapore has resorted to set aside $500 million to help hospitals recruit and train nurses , doctors and allied health-care professionals including physiotherapists , occupational therapists and pharmacists .
To retain and attract talents , the government can also raise the profile of the public sector healthcare industry through increased media and promotional efforts .
Two new hospitals including the Khoo Teck Puat Hospital and the Jurong General Hospital are also on the way to provide more hospital beds for the aged .
However , Member of Parliament Paulin Tay-Straughan was quoted in the local media saying that the increasing healthcare costs could eventually cause a major strain on the government's resources .
"If [individuals] don't have adequate coverage , there will be a tremendous strain on subsidized care which will drain revenues from the state ," she said .
Long-term care is expensive and begets the issue of who pays for the care .
Even if the government were to invest heavily in the aging problem , the government will not reap any rewards and more money will have to be allocated to this sector .
Money will not resolve this issue and the government will have to seek other non-monetary means of resolving this problem .
The various issues regarding an aging population as laid out in this essay are serious problems faced by most developed countries around the world .
It is unlikely that reforms can eliminate the problems entirely , but they may serve to lessen the impact of these trends .
Bibliography
James D . (2009 , January 1) .
{Chronic illness among elderly expected to soar}[HYPERLINK: http://www .belfasttelegraph .co .uk/news/health/chronic-illness-among-elderly-expected-to-soar-14137827 .html] .
Belfast Telegraph .
Retrieved on 12th September 2009 , from http://article .wn .com/view/2009/01/13/Chronic_illness_among_elderly_expected_to_soar/
Asha Popatlal .
(2007 , August 19) .
Singapore wants older workers to continue working .
Channel News Asia .
Retrieved September 12th 2009 , from {http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/294889/1/ .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/294889/1/ .html]
"Aging does not denote a process at all , but merely describes a medley of unhappy outcomes ," claims Richard A Posner (1995) .
These unhappy events will involve the deterioration of  health as well as the occurrence of mental and physical disturbance .
But of course , it is not right for anyone to say that the older generations should be taking care of themselves and not bother others isn't it ?
Furthermore , it can be argued that research and development policies have relieved the aging process in a very successful way .
The development of medicine in this era has shown its capabilities to ease the aging process .
In the ancient times , the development of medicine was so superficial that many did not get to live their old age because they died of lethal diseases such as leukemia .
But with the development of medicine from the East or West , people can not only live to their old age , but to live their old age in a more comfortable way as well .
For example , Anti-Ageing in western medicine involves specific and detailed analysis of blood , urine and saliva to ascertain the level of hormonal imbalance and cellular damage caused by ageing and Traditional Chinese Medicine acts as a complementary treatment to western anti-ageing medicine which includes acupuncture .
Therefore , the combination of both sides has helped to ease the aging process
In today's society , people are particular about their physical appearance .
The first impression is important as it determines how others perceive the person to be .
As the baby boomers are now approaching their senior years , there is an obsession for youth and beauty .
Therefore , to a large extent , current research and development have helped to slow down the aging process .
The negative effects of aging are major problems which the aging population is facing As people get older , it becomes more difficult for them to complete their daily tasks due to the loss of muscles and strength and health problems such as diabetes , cancer and dementia are commonly found .
Therefore , scientists and researchers have conducted experiments to identify solutions to ease the aging process .
Research has shown that reducing the calorie intake can decrease the negative effects of aging .
This is because it helps to reduce damages on vital cells and tissues which are crucial in prolonging the lifespan of a person .
Thus , illness such as heart disease , cancer and diabetes and other disease can be prevented .
Christiaan Leeuwenburgh , Ph .D . , an associate professor of aging and geriatric research at the UF College of Medicine stated that with lower calorie intake and moderate exercise program , significant signs of dysfunction in the aging process are found in key organs such as the liver (Christiaan Leeuwenburgh , 2006) .
Thus , with the results from experiments and researches , it would be beneficial to ease the aging process .
However , the mind plays an important role in controlling the beliefs and thinking of an individual which helps to ease the aging process .
It is amazing to see a sixty year old woman exercising at a gym and dressed like a forty year old working adult .
If the person holds thoughts that they are old and incapable of achieving great things , then she will succumb to the negative effects of aging .
However , if the person maintains a positive attitude and lives a healthy lifestyle , the aging process could be slowed down .
For example , if the person suffers from back pain , instead of lamenting on it , she needs to change her mindset and tell herself what she can do to improve on this weakness .
This would enable the person to regain its youthful lifestyle .
Therefore , this shows that research and development and policies are not the only factors that reduces the aging process , the mindset and attitude of a person is also a contributing factor  .
As people age , some of them are unsatisfied with their appearance .
Fine lines would gradually appear on their eyelids , foreheads and mouth .
As a result , they feel inferior and have low self-esteem .
With technological innovation , there are many types of equipment in the market which help to reduce the aging process .
For example , the invention of laser technology aids in the removal of wrinkles in areas such as the eyelids , foreheads and mouth .
After receiving approximately four to six sessions , visible results can be seen .
Besides , the creation of nano liposome technology enables active ingredients to penetrate the skin and deliver the vital nutrients more efficiently .
According to John Kressaty (2008) , the head chemist at 3Lab ,Inc who was in charge of the product h" Serum , an age defying booster , supported that clinical studies has shown with the use of this technology , that there was a fifty percent reduction in the depth of the wrinkles after using the product for four weeks .
Therefore , technology has played a vital role to eliminate or slow down the negative effects of aging .
In conclusion , with the increase in aging population , the aging process will bring about adverse effects on the quality of life .
This issue cannot be avoided .
However , with the help of current research and development , the aging process can be slowed down through technological innovation and new discoveries made by researchers and scientists .
Bibliography
University of Florida (2006 , May 8) .
Cutting Calories Slightly Can Reduce Aging Damage .
ScienceDaily .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from http://www .sciencedaily .com/releases/2006/05/060508165053 .htm
Anne-Marie ,D .
(2008 , May 1) .
Anti-Aging Breakthroughs .
Hi-Tech Cosmetics Zap Wrinkles with Cutting-Edge Science .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from http://abcnews .go .com/Health/BeautySecrets/story ?id=4757723&page=1
A declining  population and a longer life expectancy results in an aging population , causing a high dependency ratio in some countries .
This creates further problems such as a less efficient economy and a rise in public expenditure to meet the increasing needs of the elderly .
Hence , solutions have been suggested to reduce the heavier burden of the young in future , and one of the solutions proposed is to limit public spending on the aged .
The idea that public spending on the aged should be limited so that the money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development is feasible as these developments may actually help to gain greater benefits for the aged .
However , it should be noted that the limitation should not be too much to the extent that the aged are neglected and are not being provided with the basic needs of living .
The aged are citizens of the country and they deserve the necessary welfare rights .
The general perception is that over spending of public funds on the aged would lead to over-dependency  on the government .
Hence the burden of costs would hinder the growth of the country's important developments , and one of which is the economy of the country .
In Singapore , the government allocated huge sums of money to build the two Integrated Resorts and host the Grand Prix Formula One night race to promote tourism and investments , leading to an increase in revenue .
With this additional wealth in the economy , the government would then have the capability to have more choices to look after the aged , for instance , holding more welfare programmes .
However , diverting the resources to boost economic growth may not always result in a guaranteed protection of the welfare of the aged .
This is because ,  the wealth may not be distributed appropriately and furthermore , there is always uncertainty in investments and returns are not guaranteed .
For example , it was reported recently that the Singapore state-owned investment company , Temasek Holdings , has lost over $US4 billion on its investments in organisations such as Merrill Lynch .
[1] Therefore , despite the benefits economic growth could bring to the elderly , it is still necessary to set aside a portion of the government spending for the elderly as a safeguard to protect their basic interests and not only to rely on the revenue earned to help the aged .
It is argued that development in the healthcare sector is important and this benefits the aged as well .
Investment in the healthcare sector could bring about new and more efficient medical technologies .
New cures of diseases may also be invented , like  Alzheimer's disease , which is a common illness among the elderly and it does not have an exact cure at present .
This would thus benefit the elderly who would require an increasing need for healthcare services .
Hence , it is perceived that public spending on the aged could be reduced and be switched to the healthcare sector in providing more quality medical services for all in the future .
However , we should not neglect that these new technologies come with high costs , and it is unlikely to benefit all elderly as many are not financially self-sufficient .
It is thus necessary for the government to subsidise healthcare costs in ensuring the availability and affordability of these services .
It is part of the government's responsibility to meet the basic needs and look after the well-being of the citizens .
Therefore , even though the aged could greatly benefit from the advancement of healthcare services , public spending on the aged still should not be limited to a large extent so as to ensure sufficient funds to maintain affordable healthcare costs for the elderly .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited as over- provision would cause over-reliance of the elderly and lead to an inefficient and low productive workforce and population .
The money could have been put into better use by diverting it to other productive developments to improve the country's economy and overall standard of living .
Yet it is also impossible for the government to limit the spending too much as the elderly should also be entitled to the basic rights and be provided with the basic necessities .
Too little provision may represent an increase in the social costs for the families of the aged and more difficult lives for the communities .
Adopting other solutions to reduce the effects of an aging population , such as extending the working lives of the elderly , may also require the government's spending to provide incentives for them to work longer .
It is thus important for the government to reach a balance and spend the public's money appropriately to have the optimal effects on the aged , population and the country's essential areas of development .
[1] Business Spectator .
(2009) .
Goodyear's Singapore sling .
Retrieved September 12 , 2009 , from http://www .businessspectator .com .au/bs .nsf/Article/Goodyears-Singapore- sling-pd20090722-U79JD ?OpenDocument
The trend of an aging population is becoming more common nowadays .
One of the main reasons for this situation may be a result of the post World War II baby boom and also the shift in women's role in the society .
As the post war babies age , coupled with the fact that many women are delaying marriage and having lesser children , the population of the elderly has become increasingly significant in proportion in the society of many developed countries today .
The problems pertaining to the process of aging are also becoming more prominent .
Today , with constant breakthroughs in medical research and development as well as reassessment in  social policies , the aging process has been eased for many .
Nevertheless , a small portion of the aging population is still experiencing much difficulty in the process of aging .
In the field of medicine , new developments and technology have helped the aging population to improve their physical appearance as well as provide cures to their ailments .
Particularly in the field of aesthetic medicine , anti-aging procedures such as Botox injections and face-lifts are becoming more common and readily available to the aged .
The American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) has reported that more than 6 .3 million women chose to have cosmetic plastic surgery in 2000 and there is an uphill trend over the years .
These procedures seemingly help to turn back the hands of time and stall the physical process of aging .
This is extremely helpful to the aging population and especially for women who are known to be more concerned about their outward appearance .
The improvements in appearance may relieve the emotional stress of aging and gain further access to many opportunities .
However , these aesthetic procedures are costly and usually not subsidised by the government .
Generally , the improvement of their outward appearance through the means of plastic surgery would be exclusive to only those who can afford it .
Therefore , only a limited number of the aged will benefit from these new developments in aesthetic medicine .
Nonetheless as time passes , new technologies are constantly being introduced and the prices of relatively older aesthetic procedures will eventually become more affordable to the majority of the aging population .
Thus , current developments in aesthetic medicine can greatly help to ease the physical process of aging .
As demographic shifts take place and the aging population grows , social policy reforms are required to cater to the problems which arise in the aging process .
In Singapore , the government has reassessed the ElderShield policy in the year 2007 .
According to Singapore's Ministry of Health , the policy is an affordable severe disability insurance scheme which provides basic finances to those who require long-term care during old age .
Singapore citizens and permanent residents are covered by the scheme at the age of 40 .
The recent ElderShield policy together with previous policies such as the comprehensive social security saving scheme , Central Provident Fund (CPF) , provides a basis of financial support for the aged .
As the population ages , it is more difficult for them to work as efficiently as before and their market value also falls .
In addition , the elderly are more likely to suffer from health issues and incur high medical cost .
Therefore , it is important for them to build up a financial reserve to support themselves in their aging process .
Despite the introduction of these policies , there are still some elderly who are excluded from these schemes .
Some elderly women have remained a housewife for decades and they have not worked in the workforce before thus there is no contribution to her CPF account .
In this case , it is dependent on oneself to save from the money she receives to support her in the future .
This is especially true for those who do odd jobs where the employers do not help to contribute to their CPF account .
Although the current social policies can help to build up the financial capability of the aging population and make their aging process easier , there remains an unprotected group .
Nonetheless , the government has also introduced the Interim Disability Assistance Programme for the Elderly (IDAPE) , a government assistance scheme providing financial help to needy and disabled elderly Singaporeans , who are not eligible for ElderShield because of their age or pre-existing disabilities .
The government also recognize the heavy cost of elderly patients who require immediate and long-term care (ILTC) services as they are admitted for a long period of time .
Thus , government subsidies are given based on the patient's eligibility and financial status .
Therefore , the different social policies have been introduced to complement one another so as to ensure the entire aging population receives a form of financial support when they are in need .
As such , it is possibly true to say that the current social policies can indeed help to ease the aging process to a large degree .
In conclusion , the aging process is indeed one that is difficult to cope with but with the current medical technologies and a wide range of social policies and reforms the elderly are more protected .
The policies intends to  benefit as many aged as possible and thus it is possibly true to say that the technologies and the policies have helped the majority of the aging population to cope with their problems more effectively today .
The advances in science and technology has brought both opportunities and challenges to our society .
One of the difficulties is the increase in life expectancy , the result of considerable improvement to life's quality ,  leads to the growing burden  in developed countries over the years .
Adequate preparation and judicious policies are musts to ensure the sustainable and stable social progress in this baby-boomer transition period .
The appropriate financial need scheme and the retirement saving fund from individuals is one of the six fundamental approaches for demographic-transform-based policy planning (Peter G . Peterson , fall 2001) .
Based on Singapore's context , veterans' retirement saving scheme is a feasible solution to ease the aging issue but there are still some problems that need to be carefully analysed .
The Central Provident Fund (CPF) in Singapore is an inclusive social saving plan that require savings from the labour force in order to better prepare for an aging population in terms of retirement , health care , home ownership and family protection  .
The fact that it may pose serious challenges for financial resources and the caring from the younger generation when the aging population changes rapidly urges people to alter the way they support themselves .
For example , by 2030 , only 3 .5 economically active persons will be supporting one elderly whereas the number now is 10 in Singapore .
(Singapore CPF Board , 2009) In addition , Singapore's aging population might decrease a 3 percentage segment of its long-term economic growth and the elderly support programme from Government could cost more than 7% of GDP according to the recent national report .
Therefore , employees and employers are asked to make personal contributions and supplements to CPF which includes involvement from public sector , corporate fund , industry fund , retail fund and small fund from financially sophisticated people .
Having the fastest demographic change , but by applying  sensible planning and policies , currently , Singapore's CPF achieves the highest exposure than any other retirement plan in Asia and adds from 16 .3 to 30 .4% to Gross National savings rate .
(Asher , 1995) Alleviating the aging structure , the contributions to these savings are deductible in Singapore as the Governments aim to address basic needs and medical expenses security and stability for aging population .
Therefore , Singaporean citizens will be more sensibly confident and well prepared for their old age when they have financial guarantee for retirement years .
However , more effort needs to be put into strategic planning for bridging the retirement saving gap as this , basically , is a method of short-term  .
The debates on this national strategy also lies on the ownership of the money raised in this government programme and the  part of employees and employers .
Additionally , the income differentiations , low level of commitment from individuals and lack of awareness from a certain number of populations can be the main obstacles to the achievability of the policy .
Together with improvement from financial security , more effort is needed to put in living arrangements , health care and employability to ensure a better living condition for the elderly .
All in all , the result of retirement saving scheme is acceptable in the society as a whole and it is an undeniably necessary step we need to take to cope up with the burden of a speedily aging population .
Singapore has a low population and a transparent administration in compared to other Asian countries to attain high workability from this programme and hopefully , it can reach a higher level  when the health care and employability policies are implemented .
In this modern world we live in , a country cannot develop without considering the aspect of globalization .
The main aim for almost all countries is attaining economic stability and progress .
We do not deny that the elderly have their values .
However , we have to be realistic and accept the fact that the elderly have very little contributions in terms of economy as they are not able to join the work force as they are too old to work .
Therefore , we emphasize that public spending on the elderly should not be totally absent but limited .
With globalization , countries are now more integrated .
Hence , we can achieve economic growth through investments in other countries; especially highly developed ones such as China and India .
For example , Singapore has limited resources and land area , thus in order to expand their economy , more overseas investments are needed .
Also , this increased integration would also mean people are able to travel between countries more easily , bringing about tourism which is a highly profitable and marketable economic sector , therefore the need for public spending on hotels , recreational facilities ,  etc .
As globalization becomes more widespread , countries are exposed to tougher and higher levels of competition as can be seen by multi national companies moving to low labour cost countries like China .
Being a country highly dependent on the foreign market and  , Singapore has a need for better skilled workers in the future as competition is bound to reach more advanced levels .
In order to do so , education plays an important role .
Hence , there is a need for public spending  in terms of better training for teachers , better school facilities such as advanced technological equipments and schemes for an all rounded curriculum .
However , public spending for education does not only have to be for the young .
The elderly can also be educated on how to take better care of themselves , reducing their dependency on the society and help them ease the aging process .
People today are less willing to have children , which resulted in low birth rate .
There is a need for government to spend on "baby boomer" campaigns .
For instance , Singapore government came up with a Baby Bonus scheme to supports working adults' decision to have more children by helping to lighten their financial costs of raising children .
According to the Baby Bonus scheme (2009 , August ,4) , "A cash gift of up to $4 ,000 each for the 1st and 2nd child and $6 ,000 each for the 3rd and 4th child .
All children born on or after 17 August 2008 will also enjoy government contributions in the form of a dollar-for-dollar matching for the amount of savings contributed to the child's Children Development Account (CDA)" .
Currently , these policies are not working as well as the government's expectations , seeing that the future generation in an ageing population is essential , public spending would be needed to intensify these campaigns so as to improve its efficiency .
However , there is of course a need to have a certain amount of spending on the elderly .
The problems of the elderly these days are issues of abandonment .
Hence what we can do is to spend on campaigns which emphasize on the social value of the elderly .
With their experiences and stories , by sharing them with the society , humanity is implemented into people as they learn the hardships of the elderly in the process of bringing them up to the position they are in presently .
Thus , these elderly campaigns encourage three generation families living together , solving problems of abandonment .
In addition , working adults are now more willing to procreate with elderly acting as babysitters for them , so that they could concentrate fully on their job , moving in tandem with the "baby boomers" campaign .
Regarding issues of elderly illnesses and recreation , there are actually adequate facilities for them .
For example , Singapore has a well connected system of foster homes and hospices providing the elderly with a comfortable environment  .
Furthermore , community activities are well planned with many interesting ones to accommodate their interests .
However , if any spending were to be done regarding this aspect , it could be spent on promoting the establishment of more non-profit organizations volunteering and holding charity events to help ease the elderly problems .
In conclusion I would like to reiterate the point that we do admit that the elderly are assets to the society .
Should any spending be done , it would be to hold campaigns to promote elderly importance so as to reduce abandonment , or promoting an increase in volunteering organizations , and improving foster homes and hospices should the facilities be inadequate .
Ultimately , we have to be realistic in this global context and focus more of our spending on advancements in factors affecting the more pressing issue of economic stability and inter-country relations .
The impact of globalization on our society has been rewarding yet punishing .
With the availability of birth control methods and equal opportunities given to women in terms of education and in the workplace , the aging population is inevitable .
In addition , expenditure on a new born baby is extensive .
However , with the current economic growth , majority of the populations are educated and are able to support themselves throughout their golden years after retirement .
There is much concern due to the negative impact on the stable economy and society caused by a graying population .
What is therefore needed is a wise plan for limited yet sufficient public spending on the aged so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
According to the text "Doomsday Predications about Population Aging Are exaggerated" written by Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer , it mentioned that the population aged 65 to 75 is healthier , wealthier and better educated compared to those in past generations .
Due to the rapid economic growth , majority of the populations are earning enough for a living and are already having sufficient savings for old age .
This is commonly supported by substantial insurance policies and personal savings .
On average , the working population holds 5 to 6 insurance policies which is adequate for health and financial coverage .
On top of that , the government has implemented mandatory schemes like Central Provident Funds to ensure that all Singaporeans have sufficient amount of money for the latter part of their lives .
However , limitation on spending for the elderly will cause a sense of financial insecurity to the mass public as well as foreigners working in Singapore .
As Singapore is attracting foreign talent , such policy will affect its reputation due to the financial insecurity for retirement .
Moreover , Concern regarding personal saving for old age will arise .
The trepidation will be answered by the cutting on expenditure and discouragement of foreign talent residing here for retirement which decreases the return to the country's financial system .
Therefore , it affects and slows down the rapid growth of the economy .
On the other hand , without a limitation on the public spending for the aged , society will take it for granted that the government is responsible for taking care of the elderly .
In time to come , the burden will fall back on the working population through less direct and more expensive means; which is liable for higher taxes .
Instead , the society will face a wider range of issues related to education , housing and even transportation which creates a negative pressure on the economy of the nation .
Issue in regards to the graying population requires a balance effort from both the government and its citizens .
Educating the mass on the essential of financial stability in the far future is one of the solutions for cultivating a habit of saving among the mass .
Not only that , the majority of the population will understand the importance of saving and built up responsibility for oneself as well as their love ones .
There should be a substantial boundary in the financial and welfare support for the aging population .
The transitions and consequences will be easier if we are better prepared .
Human aging is known to be a continuous , complex and dynamic process that  starts with birth and ends with death .
Everyone will eventually grow old and experience the effects of the aging process .
Even though it is a natural process , which every individual knows that he or she will have to undergo , many still fear the process of aging and dying .
To minimize the fear among this increasing group of people , research and development in areas such as medicine and technology and social policies supported by the government have helped to a very large extent to ease the aging process , be it physically , emotionally or socially .
The development of anti-aging medicine such as anti-aging injections , special mineral waters and other products and services like hormone replacement has helped to slow down the fundamental process of human aging and prolong human life .
Anti-aging injections such as Botox is one of the anti-aging medicines that many elderly , especially  older women ,depend on as a solution for youth .
For the majority , physical appearances are usually the first sign of aging; hence , look-conscious individuals turn to Botox when they want to retain their looks or to look even better when they age .
Hence , only when they look physically good , will they feel good emotionally as well .
Naturally , when they feel good , their self-esteem and level of confidence will gradually increase .
Therefore , this will lessen the feeling within them that aging is a helpless yet painful process .
However , not all people can afford this substantial amount of money to invest in such anti-aging medicines as it is more often than not , expensive .
Therefore , they might turn to counterfeit products that may cause even more harm to their body .
This will not pose  a threat as it can be overcome with strict regulation by the authorities on anti-aging medicines .
Besides the  amount of anti-aging medicine available in the market ,  advanced technology has also helped to ease a generation into old age despite the fact that some elderly people might not be able to accept these complex technologies .
From simple gadgets to complex computer systems , marketers are developing almost everything to ensure that the elderly do not face any difficulties in the transitioning process .
For example , some luxury car companies such as Lincoln offer night vision that projects an infrared image of the road within the car .
With such an invention , failing eyesight will not be the reason to stop old people from driving; therefore , they will not feel emotionally affected by the inability to drive .
Elderly often perceive that old age is a barrier for them to continue doing things that they like because there is a big difference in them physically .
However , this is not always true because technology can overcome some obstacles that they face during the aging process .
For instance , at the Institute of Technology's AgeLab in Massachusetts , they invented shoes with battery-powered vibrating soles that will stimulate nerves to improve balance for the elderly .
As there are many other complications if an elderly person were to fall down , such inventions help to prevent the elderly from falling down .
Apart from depending on the invention of new anti-aging medicines and the development of new technologies , social policies catering to the welfare of the elderly are equally important in helping to ease the aging process .
According to Stansfeld (1998) , loneliness , lack of social support and isolation are identified as major risk factors that when combined can increase the risk of stressful life events in old age .
Therefore , policymakers need to implement new policies to ensure that elderly people enjoy a happy yet productive life even when they age .
This is to minimize the emotional and social implications that old age will bring about .
Indeed , current research and development in areas like medicine and technology and the implementation of new social policies have helped to lessen the discomfort that the aging process will cause among the elderly to  a large extent .
However , it definitely cannot ease the aging process for the elderly totally as this process is still a natural process .
This can only be achieved when the elderly do not perceive themselves as suffering from old age .
Moreover , they need to adopt an attitude that refuses to succumb to the traditional stereotypes of them as the process of aging is controlled by one's beliefs , thinking and  .
In addition , individual effort like getting sufficient sleep and nutrition has to be made to slow down the aging process physically and mentally .
In conclusion ,  actual age does not inhibit one's ability to living life to the fullest .
With the right mind and attitude , one can easily and comfortably overcome the aging process especially with the aid of the latest medicine and technology available in the market as they play an important role in helping to ease the aging process .
Bibliography 1 .
Gadgets help baby boomers navigate old age , http://www .icta .ufl .edu/press/Gadgets%20help%20baby%20boomers%20navigate%2 0old%20age .pdf [10 Sept 2009]
2 .
Cometic Surgery Today , http://cosmeticsurgerytoday .wordpress .com [10 Sept 2009]
3 .
Baby boomers can ease the aging process effectively with attitude , http://ezinearticles .com/ ?id=857392 [10 Sept 2009]
4 .
The psychology of aging , http://www .caregiver .on .ca/nwnw01 .html [10 Sept 2009]
Remember the old adage ," Take The Bull By The Horns ?"
This saying used in the ageing process implies that people must do everything in their power to look into the difficulties faced as they age  .
This has been a vital issue globally because slowing down and easing the aging process can extend  life expectancy and  .
To deal with such challenges , research and development as well as the implementation of policies have come into the picture .
Over the years , research and development in all fields of study has been constantly changing and improving the life of older people .
Architecture is one of the fields in research and development that plays an essential part for the aged .
In addition , social policies have also played a major part in solving the ageing process .
National policy  which pays special attention to the elderly has been ameliorating over time for the benefit of the older people .
To start off , the definition of "ageing process" is required .
The ageing process (Wikipedia) refers to the multidimensional process of physical , psychological and social change .
Therefore , the process of ageing could eventually , pose problems especially in physical aspects such as arthritis , rheumatism , and various types of impairment .
Implementation of both , research and development and policies could help to solve these issues , but it does not alleviate them entirely .
As  policy changes and the need for technology increases ,  .
For instance , the Central Providence Fund is a policy which helps people to save for their retirement .
As a result , the elderly , who depend on the fund , would have the mindset of not saving up for an emergency or the thought of having longer working periods .
Thus , those elderly who have subsequently used up their funds will then seek  financial help .
Moreover ,  policies or welfare schemes are only provided  for cases which require specific attention .
In this case , not all elderly people will be  .
Furthermore , if the technologies which are inaugurated in the buildings become faulty , some of the elderly who are used to the devices will not leave their comfort zone .
This in turn , creates 
Even though research and development or policies in  can have  an unconstructive impact , it still has a positive impact in aiding the ageing process .
In countries like Japan , the United States and Singapore , research and development has come up with technologies for the welfare of the aged .
In Singapore , some buildings such as the Buddha Tooth Relic Temple have installed the stair-climb device on the rail of the staircase to help the elderly to move from one storey to another easily .
Hence , there are other  devices developed that have helped to relieve the accessibility of the aged as they move from one place to another in the building .
On top of that , Singapore has also implemented policy for buildings such as the Barrier Free Accessibility Upgrading Program (BCA , 2002) .
In this program , the government has set aside $40 million into the Accessibility fund so as to encourage owners of  buildings to provide accessibility features in  existing or new buildings(BCA , 2002) .
Therefore ,  having accessibility features like ramps and accessible toilets helps to minimize the problems faced by the aged .
Bibliography Content * Building and Construction Authority , Code on Barrier-Free Accessibility in Buildings , retrieved in 2009 from website: {http://www .bca .gov .sg/BarrierFree/others/BCA .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .bca .gov .sg/BarrierFree/others/BCA .pdf]
* Ageing  , retrieved in 2009 from website: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Ageing_process
* Workforce Development Agency , ADVANTAGE !
SCHEME  , retrieved in 2009 from website: {http://www .ntuc .org .sg/advantage/}[HYPERLINK: http://www .ntuc .org .sg/advantage/]
* National Council of Social Service , Funding for VWOs , retrieved in 2009 from website: {http://www .ncss .org .sg/vwocorner/funding .asp}[HYPERLINK: http://www .ncss .org .sg/vwocorner/funding .asp]
* Fact sheet on SME Manpower Scheme , retrieved in 2009 from website: {http://www .mom .gov .sg/publish/momportal/en/communities/workplace_standards/good_employment_practices/publications/interim_report_of .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .mom .gov .sg/publish/momportal/en/communities/workplace_standards/good_employment_practices/publications/interim_report_of .html]
But nonetheless , countries that are already dealing with the problem of their aging population have identified the limitations of the policies that are implemented .
For example , in the context of Singapore , we have been holding pro-natalism campaigns since the 1980s , but there is still an insignificant rise in our replacement rate .
This indicates that perhaps the emphasis towards the investment of the country's revenue should be diverted to other area such as economic investments and improving the education system to further boost the rate of advancement of a country .
Firstly , public spending on the elderly should be limited and not be reduced .
in additionl , a pool of reserve funds should be available to cope with the rise in aging population as well .
This is because the problem of an aging population affects the rate of development of a country in the long run .
And if this problem persists , it will gradually become a roadblock for the future advancement of  society .
As such , the country should still pay attention to the proper handling of the issue .
The approaches that countries usually adopt to solve the aging issue include the prolonging of the working lives of the elderly and the provision of an array of welfare pension schemes for them .
Secondly , medical science has also come up with many types of  anti-aging drugs such as Deprenyl , one of the best anti-aging drugs currently available .
People will look younger and surprisingly , not just women but also men are now using the drugs .
Anyway , not all the drugs are good and cheap  so finding a suitable drug is a tough task  .
Furthermore , the nutrition industry has also jumped in this battle against the aging problem with milk and other products like Quintessence that  .
As people , especially the youth , feel healthier , they will work harder and earn more money for their future life .
It would not only help  government to reduce the amount of money they have to spend on the welfare program for the elderly , but also provide the elderly with a chance to have a rich old-life .
If people have to work for themselves , they will try their best to earn as much as possible .
Therefore , they may get even more money on their own rather than receiving money from the government welfare .
However , taking too many anti-aging medical products like medicine in general is not as good as supporting yourself with a suitable and healthy diet .
Natural solutions to the anti aging process  include fruits and vegetables .
Fruits like apples , strawberries , etc contain ellagic acid that has the capacity to hinder the growth of tumors within the body and those such as cantaloupe , peaches , etc contain lycopene gthat guard the body's cells and organs like the heart and bladder from damage caused by free radicals .
Vegetables would also demonstrate the same benefits in antioxidant capabilities , for example , Genistein in soybeans works as cancer gene enzyme inhibitor .
Besides , people who usually do gymnastics will live longer and healthier than those do not .
Some may argue that fruit and gymnastics do not play any part in easing the aging process .
In fact by doing physical exercise , their immunity increases , making them immunized against lots of bacteria and viruses .
A healthy diet along with gymnastics will prevent  .
To countries with old populations , medical science needs to be considered and invested more in so that we will have more and better ways of easing the aging process .
With the achievements of medical science , treatments , medicine and dietary habits , humans get not only happiness and health but also a better longer life .
Furthermore , medical science is one of the effective solutions for the aging process , which helps ease the economic burden for the country by reducing the money for old people's welfare , diverting it to other areas of the country's development .
The aging population in Singapore has been growing .
The percentage of residents aged 65 and above has increased from 6 .8% in 1998 to 8 .7% in 2008 (Population in brief , 2009) .
This is expected to reach 20% in 2030 (Seah , 2007) .
Thus , measures for aiding the increasing aging population in terms of healthcare subsidies and daily expenditures should be proactively prepared .
Some strategies can be introduced to deal with the aging population .
Firstly , greater productivity should be encouraged with the younger generation being cost-efficient and productive .
Secondly , filial obligation should be stressed among the younger generation .
Lastly , people could be encouraged to have proactive savings when they have a job to save up for a rainy day (Peter G . Peterson , 2001) .
Therefore , the aging population is not an insurmountable problem , funds could be sub-divided for  expenditure in other sectors such as education , tourism and Research and Development (R&D) .
Firstly , education is  important  in Singapore as it secures the future of the younger generation .
Singapore has institutions with outstanding records of interactive learning and a bilingual education system .
At tertiary level ,  the National University of Singapore (NUS) , and the Nanyang Technological University (NTU) are leading local universities .
Funds are constantly pumped into the education system for the financing of students and also for constant improvements in the education system .
For example , the Tuition Grant Scheme is provided for the subsidising of high school fees .
Therefore , by investing in the education sector , the future of the younger generation will be secured .
In turn , they would be able to support the aged thus reducing the dependency of the aged on the government .
Secondly , the tourism sector is a revenue generator for Singapore through the various tourist attractions such as Sentosa and the upcoming Integrated Resorts .
Hence , funds have to be constantly injected for new tourist attractions and contingency plans in the case of an economic crisis .
For example , in February 2009 , the Singapore Tourism Board announced that an incentive of $90 million has been provided for the BOOST (Building On Opportunities to Strengthen Tourism) which is targeted at aiding the tourism sector duringchallenging times (Singapore Tourism Board , 2009) .
Thus , funds are essential to ensure that the tourism sector is filled with vibrant attractions and is prepared for any crisis .
This ensures a constant flow of revenue for the economic stability of Singapore .
Lastly , R&D is extensively utilized  in major institution projects , for innovation and creativity in new developments and for environmental concerns .
For example , R&D is supported by the National Research Foundation which focuses on areas such as  Environmental  , Water Technologies and  Interactive and Digital Media .
A total of $1 .55 billion is invested in these areas (Singapore Budget , 2009) .
In addition , R&D discovered  NEWater and ensured its consistent high quality for the past few years (Channel News Asia , 2009) .
Although , the R&D sector is important , the aging population must not be neglected as a portion of the old may still remain vulnerable .
Due to globalization , the aged have become richer and of better health .
However , a portion of the population could still need financial help such as those with lower incomes .
Thus , financial benefits should be provided to those that are in need of help .
In contrast , schemes such as the Central Provident Fund and the Medisave schemes do cover a large proportion of expenses .
Hence , funds spent on the aged should be limited in order to accommodate any high expenses in the three sectors that contribute a large proportion of revenue to the economy .
In conclusion , R&D brings about innovation and inventions , hence bringing various business opportunities and revenue to Singapore .
On the whole , the aging population is not an insurmountable problem .
Hence , public spending on the aged should be limited in order for funds to be sub-divided among the education , tourism and  R&D sectors which are the main sources of revenue .
In turn , with more revenue being generated , more benefits and financial aid could be provided to the aged which benefits the country as a whole .
Aging population is a global issue nowadays , especially in  developed countries .
This will soon affect  Asian countries with serious repercussions .
According to Jackson and Howe's major findings , today , 8 of 16 nations of Western Europe have a median age of 40 or higher (The Graying of The Great Powers , May 2008 , CSIS) .
By 2050 , 6 will have a median age of 50 or higher , so will Japan , the East Asian Tigers , and 17 of the 24 nations in Eastern Europe and the Russian sphere .
Due to the size of the increasing aging population , public spending on the aged has been rising .
Hence , this has exerted more pressure on  society , which could lead to problems such as low social security , economic depression and inadequate education .
Hence , it is essential to limit  public spending on the elderly , so more money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
It is essential to set spending limits on healthcare .
As healthcare services gradually increase ,  public spending on the aged also increases .
In 2000-2001 , seniors accounted for 43 percent of total health care spending but represented only 12 .5 percent of the population .
In 2026-2027 , seniors will represent 22 percent of the population and will be responsible for close to 60 percent of total health care spending (Population Aging ,2009 .
An aging population has placed the federal budget on an "imprudent and unsustainable path" and that "passage of time only serves to worsen this situation(Congress Daily , 2009) ." .
To maintain the healthcare system for the elderly , a significant amount of money will have to be spent on it , which may have serious consequences for society .
Therefore , the government should adjust  spending on healthcare to an appropriate level .
Setting limits on  spending on the aged would raise indignation among the elderly , especially among people without  savings , poor single women , and the illiterate .
Some may say it is inhumane to limit  spending on the aged .
However , policy makers should always look at the interests of the whole country rather than just focusing on one particular area .
Additionally , the government can conduct specific tests such as the means- test for those who really require financial support .
In conclusion ,  .
Money saved from reduced spending on the aged can then be invested in other areas for instance education .
When  education is enhanced , graduates  have a higher chance of getting a job and hence contributing to the economic development of the country .
In addition , together with the development of economy , the young adults would be capable of supporting their parents .
Furthermore , they could enjoy high living standards and security in life .
Generally , the government would have enough budget to empower the stable development of the country , and to maintain the welfare and pension system at an acceptable level .
To illustrate that these are only some  of the many benefits which  can be achieved from reducing spending on the aged .
To conclude , it is vital for the government to limit  spending on the aged to a reasonable level , so money can be invested in different aspects of the country's development .
In the short run , the country may face difficulties , but in the long run it will be beneficial to  society .
Medicine nowadays gives us a strong belief that the aging process is something we can alter .
Medically speaking , we can expect longevity if our body is able to continuously re-generate living cells .
Results of different research have revealed that there are certain components which help to maintain a healthy cell like antioxidants , enzymes , hormones or "no cellular waste" (Dr . Grey , 2005) . "
Together with cell collapse , diseases like heart disease or cancer ,  speed up the process .
Luckily , modern medicine can provide  procedures to cure  serious diseases and to prevent aging .
For example , doctors nowadays can  build a complete plan to slow down the aging process; such a plan includes an individualized nutritional , hormonal , dietary and exercise program .
After six months of joining the program , the biological age of a man can decrease by 20 years .
With currently available anti-aging strategies , people can confidently look forward to a longer lifetime .
Besides , there are also some drugs which can be used as an anti-aging treatment like the Estrogen hormone (for women) .
In other words , medicine can be used effectively to ease the aging process .
Although almost everyone agrees that economics is a vital component in the world's life , not many people realize that it also plays an important part in easing the aging process .
The effects caused by the global economy indirectly control the speed of aging .
In developed countries with strong economies , health issues and other social services are sure to be cared much more about than in undeveloped ones .
With a simple comparison between Western societies with those from Africa , significant differences in life expectancy and actual lifespan can be seen . .
While Western people tend to live long happy lives with a small number of serious diseases , people from African countries usually have a much shorter life expectancy .
However , economic problems may have a very bad impact on  efforts to slow down the aging process .
As the economy goes up , there are more concerns to be taken care of and people get busier .
This will be reflected in their bad habits like over-working and also harm their mental health , which will shorten their lifespan .
After much research , it is not surprising to know  that , usually , the richest man is not the happiest man .
But again , these are individuallifestyles so a person should be able to change it easily by himself putting some understanding into it and by making an effort .
Hence , economics , in some ways , is providing a useful helping hand to ease the aging process .
In conclusion , aging is nowadays a global issue .
Human beings , with their intelligence , can find  ways to ease the aging process .
The only problem left is that with a longer life , what will a person do to give back to  society and the next generations ?
Aging population and longer life expectancy will inevitably lead to rapidly increasing elderly residents .
Housing , which is one of the basic needs of elderly people , is significant because the elderly need a safe , pleasing and interactive environment for their old age .
Current housing developments and policies have provided better choice to enhance the quality of life of older people .
Government agencies have strived to promote an elderly-friendly physical environment .
Policymakers have implemented various strategies to ensure older people own a home while enjoying sufficient retirement income for old age dependency .
Some housing schemes are also introduced to facilitate mutual care and support for elderly .
Housing policies and schemes play a critical role in easing the aging process .
Most countries have provided various housing schemes to ensure an adequate supply of affordable accommodation for the aging population .
Under these schemes , housing developers are subsidized with lower land costs to build  retirement housing , while needy elderly are given priority  access to public housing .
It may be argued that  a number of elderly people are "asset-rich , cash-poor" .
They own a house but do not have sufficient funds to meet their basic needs in old age (Ministry , 2006) .
Nevertheless , there are policies that allow the elderly to monetize their housing assets .
These people are encouraged to sublet their house or to downsize to a more affordable one .
In Singapore , the Lease Buyback Scheme helps the elderly in smaller flats to monetize flat value whilst continuing to stay in the same flat .
Hence , it can be noticed that the housing needs as well as the financial needs of elderly have been effectively tackled by various public policies .
Finally , a harmonious and caring elderly society has been promoted through housing schemes as well can be looked forward to in the future .
On the one hand , policymakers have carried out a range of policies to encourage younger children to take care of their elderly parents by staying with them .
In Hong Kong , the Harmonious Families Priority Scheme allows families to live in one flat or two nearby flats when they apply for public housing .
On the other hand , senior activity centres are also developed in housing estates to encourage the elderly to remain integrated in society .
These centres provide social and recreational activities , as well as community-based care and support services for elderly residents .
Indeed , these strategies have effectively enabled elderly people to lead a fruitful and meaningful social life .
Clearly , the quality of life of elderly people has become more enjoyable through various housing developments , policies and improvement programmes .
These efforts have successfully eased the issues of an aging population .
A blending of housing schemes and developments  that help  older people to live as independently as possible .
Today , many governments around the world are particularly concerned with problems brought about by a fast ageing population .
One cause for this is related to the  baby boomers , who are mostly now in their late fifties or early sixties .
In Singapore , this constitutes to 31% of its population and approximately half of the workforce .
born in 1946 to 1964 , they are fast approaching the national retirement age of 63 .
In other words , in 10 years' time , half of the citizens who are currently employed at work would have been retired .
Such manpower shortages are examples of how an ageing population would have a detrimental effect on the economy .
Among some other issues that the elderly face are those of deteriorating physical condition and old-age sickness , which might cause a strain on the local healthcare system and financial system of the country .
In anticipation of this , governments have set in place policies as well as  initiatives to ease the ageing process for both the individual and society .
In the context of Singapore , some of these include mandatory personal retirement funds , development of the health sector to better manage an ageing population , as well as encouraging longer working lives .
Despite some of the limitations of these policies , they have certainly eased the ageing process in Singapore .
One such policy in Singapore is the Central Provident Fund (CPF) .
Set up by the government in 1955 , it serves as a retirement fund for all Singaporean citizens .
The CPF is a mandatory savings plan for workers , where a portion of their income is being set aside in this fund , and will be being made available to them once they have retired .
This policy provides for financial security for the elderly as they would be financially dependent , and need not rely on public initiatives or their children for money in their golden years .
With this policy , the government is then able to redirect  resources to more vital sectors .
Critics of this position point out their concerns over the misuse of the funds once it is made available .
Being unsure of their future financial requirements , the elderly might be unable to plan for their expenditure , and might drain their finances too quickly .
However , a recent introduction by the Singaporean government has eliminated this problem .
Participants of this new and compulsory scheme named "Lifelong Income for The Elderly"  (LIFE) will receive lifelong monthly payouts from their CPF accounts .
Instead of being granted with a lump sum of money upon retirement , this ensures that the elderly do not exhaust their retirement funds too quickly , thereby easing reliance on public funds .
Lastly , developments in medicine have also helped in the ageing process .
With new technological advances , the elderly now have a variety of medical treatments for most old-age related illnesses .
For example , advances in surgery have helped developed a non-invasive surgery technique for glaucoma , one of the main leading diseases among the elderly  .
This non-invasive technique will help to minimize any potential surgical risks .
One impending problem with such rapid technological advances in medicine would be the rising cost of healthcarewhich is brought about by the intensive research processes to develop new cures and treatments .
With most of the elderly retired and having no source of income , they might be unable to fund their medical expenses should the need arise .
In view of this , the Singaporean government has in place a variety of measures to minimise the occurrence of this situation .
One such measure would be Medisave .
Introduced by the Ministry of Health in 1984 , Medisave would set aside a portion of an individual's income to  be made available to fund medical expenses should the need arise .
With this fund , most Singaporeans will  retire with a sum of money  which can be used to pay for medical expenses .
This reduces the possible reliance of public funds for funding  medical expenses for the elderly .
In conclusion , this essay has illustrated that the current policies in Singapore have helped ease the ageing process to a large extent .
Policies such as implementing the CPF , raising the retirement age and developing  healthcare policies have helped to ease the ageing process in the society , thereby reducing the  effects of an ageing population .
It is unethical to embark on the developments of a country at the expense of the aged .
By limiting the fiscal spending on the elderly , the extra funds created can be diverted to areas such as education , which has potential long-term benefits for a country .
As such , it will be even tougher for the government to cater to the growing needs of the elderly due to a constraint budget , and this problem will affect countries  facing an ageing population , such as Japan .
Opponents of this position argued that there is no need to divert too much resources to the elderly because they are no longer contributing to the society  .
Instead , these resources should be used in other areas that provide long-term benefits to the country .
For instance , the investing of funds for research and development will raise the productive capacity of the country , thereby attracting more direct foreign investments .
However , it is wrong to regard the aged as a burden , because the aged is a national asset that should not be neglected by the society .
Even after they have retired , they continue to contribute to the society  , but  in  different ways , such as taking care of their grandchildren on behalf of their children who are  at work .
In this way , they help to coordinate the work life and family life of the working adults (Conference of European Churches 2007) .
Consequently , the aged , with their insights and experiences , is a valuable asset to the society and thus  public spending on the aged should not be limited .
Lastly , the limiting of public spending on the aged will increase the financial hardship of the elderly .
This will affect the elderly who are either single or have no children , and those who have low educational level .
In their younger days , their earnings might just be sufficient for them to cope with their daily living expenses and hence they have negligible or no savings .
When they fall ill , the high costs of medical fees may discourage them from seeking medical care , and as a result , their health conditions may deteriorate over time .
As they age , they become more susceptible to diseases , such as osteoporosis .
Thus , it is inevitable that their demand for healthcare will increase with age .
It will come to a time when they are left with no choice but to seek medical help for their illnesses; but since they are left with little savings , they are unlikely to be able to pay for the medical expenses .
It is one's social responsibility to be healthy , and to be accountable for one's  medical expenses should one seek healthcare services , instead of relying on the government for subsidies to lower one's financial burden  .
Jenson (2007) mentioned that the ageing population has accelerated the growth in healthcare spending , and this will lead to a fiscal crisis as increasing pressure is exerted on the fiscal budget .
However , the presence of a fiscal crisis might not necessarily be attributed to  fiscal spending on the aged .
The facilities built for the elderly should not be seen  negatively because these facilities  provide long-term benefits to every individual in the country  , since ageing is an unavoidable process .
This applies to the healthcare subsidies , as one will hope that one can be entitled to such privileges when one has limited savings , regardless of one's age .
Hence , it is infeasible to limit public spending on the aged .
Aged citizens will  require for basic healthcare and treatment .
According to the National Institute of Aging (2007) , experts predicted that there will be a huge rise in disability resulted from increases in age-related chronic disease in all regions of the world .
This implies that public spending should not be limited as it will be required to subsidise  costly healthcare expenses .
This is because the aged population will not be able to afford the financial burden for the recurrent treatment of their illnesses .
Truly , aged citizens accounted for greater than 40% of the total hospitalisation days in  public sector hospitals in 2006 (Ministry of Heath , 2007) .
On the other hand , it is fortunate that the Singapore Central Provident Fund (CPF) , which is the fundamental pillar of our social security framework for the aged , lends itself readily to provide  for the needs of aging population .
Healthcare in Singapore are made affordable through the administration of the Medisave , Medishield and Medifund framework .
Each citizen's CPF account consists of Medisave , Medishield and Medifund , which help individuals to put aside portions of their income to meet their medical expenses  when they are old .
The medisave accounts assist older Singaporeans to pay for  their expensive medical bills .
This would help to ease the public spending on the aged and money can be spent on other area of Singapore's development .
However , Singaporeans still enjoy heavy subsidies in public hospital , especially in the lower class wards .
Direct subsidies borne by the Singapore government have increased from $850 million in 2001 to more than $1 .6 billion in 2007 and are forecasted to exceed $2 .2 billion by 2012 (Ministry of Health , 2009) .
As the population ages , the need for healthcare services will increase .
Public spending will keep increasing and should not be limited as the aging population in Singapore progresses .
In conclusion , fertility rates are declining while life expectancies are increasing around the world .
As a result , populations are aging rapidly and Singapore is not exempted from this trend .
The ratios of Singapore citizens aged sixty-five and above will climb from one in twelve in 2007 to one in eight in 2020 (Ministry of Finance , 2008) .
Therefore  public spending on the aged should not be limited and should fluctuate according to changes such as impending demographic shift , population growth and healthcare expenses .
However , it is also important  for Singaporeans to plan ahead so that they can depend on several sources of income to sustain their old-age livings and at the same time ease the burden of public spending on the aged .
Employers should also do their part in changing their traditional perceptions that aged employees are unproductive and potential burden to society (Harper , 2001) .
Employers should try to retain and retrain older workers for them to be retained in the labour force; this will extend theirorking lives  and they will be in a better economic position to sustain themselves .
Public spending is the amount of money expended by a government to pay  the maintenance of  defence , development projects , education , social security , health , infrastructure , law and order   .
It represents a large share of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and has a major impact on the productivity of the whole economy .
Public spending on social security and health care will directly benefit the aged people in the country .
This essay argues that the public spending on aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other area of the country's development .
The elderly in a country are usually supported  by public spending .
It is argued that the government should provide more public assistance to the elderly and not to limit the amount of spending on them .
However , some people may not  realize that there are many countries which are already having high public spending .
Schuknecht and Tanzi (2005) stated that many countries have peaked at almost 52% of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) over the past twenty years .
Most countries tend to spend more than half of the public funds on social protection  , health and  the aged .
Mahal and Berman (2006) mentioned that several studies have indicated that  expenses of health and social protection for the elderly are usually much greater than those non-elderly .
If countries are to increase their public spending on the aged further , it may cause the proportion of public spending to be spent on other important areas , such as infrastructure and education , to be  lessened .
This could eventually slow down the productivity of the whole economy .
Therefore , public spending on the elderly should be limited and controlled to prevent it from increasing further .
Population aging is progressing rapidly in many countries and in the near future , this may push up the public spending on social security and healthcare costs .
In view of  the aging population problem , some people argued that we should not limit  public and financial assistanceto the elderly because of  the increasing number of elderly in an aging population .
However , the increase in public spending means that working people may need to pay higher taxes , as public spending is supported mainly by taxation .
Minford and Wang (2008) stated that researches have shown that the increase in tax to GDP had reduced GDP growth and lowered the output per worker .
In an aging population , having increasing tax contribution from the shrinking workforce can be a burden to the working people .
The Straits Time (2009) mentioned that the huge increases in public spending could slow down countries' economic growth .
In an aging society , it is important to limit and  control  the increasing public spending on the aged .
If not , there could be a drop in the GDP and eventually  the percentage of public spending  on the aged could be reduced too .
It should be the responsibility of the country to ensure that all the aged , who have contributed to the society , to be properly assisted in their old age .
However , when public spending on the aged is not limited and allowed to be raised continuously , everyone in the country is going to suffer in long run .
There might be one day when the to country's work force can no longer support the extremely high an amount of public spending .
This may cause the the working people to be under pressure and financially strapped .
It may then cause them to fail to take good care of their elderly parents and neglect their needs .
Toh (2009) mentioned that researches have shown that during the global economic recession , there are more elderly abuse cases reported .
Thus , one of the ways to prevent this from happening is to have control over the public spending on elderly , so as to prevent further increase in tax contribution .
Besides that , a country should try to divert a higher percentage of public spending to other areas that might contribute the country's growth and development , such as  infrastructure and development projects .
By investing more money in these areas , a country may generate higher return and has a higher GDP growth .
This may again increase the amount of public spending  on the aged .
It is no doubt that a country should do its best to assist and support the elderly .
However , countries have to be mindful on the amount of money that has to be spent on the social protection and health for the elderly .
We have to ensure that they are efficient and effective in spending this large amount money and preventing it from rising too high .
To spend too large amount of public funds on the elderly will definitely  burden  both the country and working population .
Thus , we should try to divert more money to other areas of the country's development and promote higher GDP growth .
This can definitely benefit the aged  and without adding anyurden to the country's economy and the next generation .
Singapore has one of the fastest aging populations in the world and is expected to be considered a country with an aging population by the year 2030 (Chan , 2001) .
This alarming trend is stimulated by declines in fertility rate , medical advances , and better health care which have resulted in longer life expectancy .
With this rising aging population , many issues related to old age become significant , especially the public spending issue .
Even though this trend would most likely affect Singapore negatively , the government must not only concern themselves with the increasing expenditures on the aged and try to divert the budget for the aged to other areas of development .
They must also consider the impact on the elderly if there were no financial support for the elderly .
In addition , they should also consider the contributions that the elderly could give and had given to the country .
Friedland , R . B .
& Summer , L . (2005) .
Demography Is Not Destiny .
The Commonwealth Fund .
Ministry of Manpower .
(2008) .
The Retirement Age Act .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from http://www .mom .gov .sg/publish/momportal/en/communities/workplace_standa rds/employment_standards/The_Retirement_Age_Act .html .
Peterson , P . G . (2001) .
A Graying World .
Harvard International Review , 23(3) .
66 .
sg of In additiondstoposedifOne of the issues if the public spending is limited is that it will impose financial hardship on the elderly , especially for elderly women .
Women tend to have longer life expectat ,cy as compared to men (Fanny , 2000) .
However , this demographic ws that the elderly women are likely to be widowed or single , and hence , iney will be economically dependent .
Moreover , it also accentuated the financial risk of long term care that may not be sufficiently covered contributingnsurance policies .
This wmeIn additionnerable financially .
This situation might result in the incapability to seek for medical assistance when the need arises .
trythe The aged may be a liability to the country due to the increasing cost of looking after them .
However , their experience and knowledge can be an aonet to the country .
Furthermore , lewealth distributionthe elderly to the care unequalmembers may be more detrimen to the overall developement othe g the country .
Therefore , the government should pnsovide appropriate support and take care of them .
Bibliography
Chan , A .
(2001) .
Singapore's Changing Structure and the Policy Implications for Financial Security , Employment , Living Arrangements and Health Care .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from http://www .populationasia .org/Publications/RP/AMCRP3 .pdf .
Cheung , F . (2000) .
Aging Population and Gender Issues .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from http://ihome .cuhk .edu .hk/~b102291/activity/anniversity/09fanny .pdf .
The Korea population is graying rapidly , and the proportion of elderly with the aged of 65 and over is expected to reach 13 .2 per cent in 1960 .
Korea needs to reform its national policies if it hopehoped to create a better and sustainable future society as there will be a lot of negative impacts on the country  , such as the inevitable labor shortage , increase in public spending and healthcare problems if the ageing population continues to grow disproportionately with the country's fertility rate .
This is supported by Jones (1995) , stating that the increase in  population will have strong physical , psychological , social , cultural , economical and cultural implications .
Therefore , in view of this  , current research and policies have been carried out by the Korean government and have helped to buffer the ageing process .
A government pension system , namely the National Pension (NP) , which is financed in part by employee's contributions and employer's liability for general workers was introduced in 1988 for retirees over 60 ("Silver jobs in lieu of golden years , 2009) .
It is the main old- age pension program covering the majority of Korean workers .
However , this policy executed by the government did not attain its goal when many of the retirees chose to take their pension in a lump sum at retirement .
This implies that the financial security for these elderly in the future will be strongly affected if they do not use their pension wisely .
Considering this matter , in 2004 , the National Pension Service started finding jobs for the elderly and the project was made permanent in 2006 .
There was an overwhelming result when job placements rose from around 30 ,000 in 2004 to more than 83 ,000 in 2006 and 196 ,000 in the first half of this year .
Despite this progress , there are still  not enough openings for the baby boomers .
So , local governments have established "silver jobs" fair like chaperons for children returning home from late- night cram schools , gas station attendants , opinion survey interviewers and wedding officiators to recruit elderly job seekers as part of the government effort to assist a rapidly growing population of older Koreans in a changing society .
Phillips .D .R (2000) .
Ageing in the Asia- Pacific Region: Issues , Policies and Future Trends .
New York: Routledge
Social service programs have been introduced for the welfare of the elderly .
It can be divided into two groups: the recreational programs and community programs .
Under these programs , the elderly are able to obtain personal needs and social- psychological developments needs amongst others .
For example , under the community program , there is this sub- program called the Home- Help Program which provides home- help services to the elderly without any fees incurred .
Around 35 ,000 volunteer home helpers were active , linked to 552 voluntary organizations in 2001 with the provision of government in financial assistance for recruiting , training and maintaining volunteers .
Although many beneficial services have been provided to the elderly , this program  does not seem to be so effective as volunteers may or may not render their services whenever the elderly need them .
It is not a mandatory  for them to always lend a hand to the elderly .
Therefore , the government should think of a better way to tackle this problem so that the society will have a  domestic routine to serve the elderly who need its assistance .
Due to the low fertility rate and the growing number of elderly in the society , there is a shortage of workforce in certain occupations .
To keep an ideal and constant working age group (15-64 years) and ensure the stability of manpower in Korea , the government has been inviting immigrants to join the workforce .
The number of foreign labors has grown from a few thousand to estimates of 168 thousand in 1999 (Bureau of Medium- Sized Industries , 1999) and 358 thousands in 2005 .
This replacement migration  has not only helped to ease the ageing process when  older Koreans started to retire , which resulted in the decrease of manpower in certain specialization , it also has helped to buffer the current shortage of labor in the market .
Unfortunately ,  there are around 65 percent of the immigrants  in 1999 who are working illegally (Bureau of Medium- Sized Industries , 1999) .
The large volumes of immigrants to fill up the labor shortage due to population aging has also aroused fears of the loss of national identity (UN , 2000) .
Thus , even though the adoption of the immigrant policy has helped to ease the ageing process , it might not be the best policy to conquer the problem .
Intyre (1977) once said that old age throughout this century has been seen as a 'social problem' and this is true when the government has to adopt  all kinds of policies to overcome the problem .
With the  ageing  population , the priority of constructing a sustainable socioeconomic system at the beginning of the twenty- first century  must be given .
Peterson (2001) commented that in many developed countries , an ageing population will lead to a shrinking workforce , long- term stagnation and  a decline in real GDP .
Nevertheless , we agree with Frieden (year) , who concluded that ageing is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength .
Therefore , leaders  must design a desirable socioeconomic structure under the pressure of an ageing population and environment constraints by identifying the necessary  tools to attain stable and sustainable growth before taking any effective actions .
Bibliography
Chan .A .C .M & Phillips .D .R (Eds) .
Ageing and Long- Term Care .
Singapore: Institute of Southest Asian Studies
Jones .C .F (1995) .
Aging in Industrial Societies , East and West: A Western Comparative Perspective .
Korea Journal of Population and Development , 25 , (pp .
101-122)
Kim .I .K (1996) .
Demographic Transition and Population Ageing in Korea .
Korea Journal of Population and Development , 25 , (pp .
27-40)
Lee , S .H (2009 , September 11) .
Silver Jobs In Lieu of Golden Years .
International Herald Tribune , p .2
Firstly , the aged have contributed their youth to the advancement of the society .
More than half a century ago , they have fought to restore peace to our country .
They worked hard to rebuild and develop the war-torn country into what we are living in now .
We owe them for the peace  and we have to thank them for  developing the country and the safe environment that we are living in .
Public pension , healthcare and all the services for the elderly symbolise our debt of gratitude to what they have done for us .
Won't it make us inhumane if we made our benefactors struggle when they are near the end of their lives ?
Is this really a decision coming from a civilized world ?
And how do you feel if the younger generation did this to you ?
Secondly , limiting  public spending on the aged means leaving out in the cold these vulnerable sub-groups of elderly people: single women , the uneducated and those who cannot save during their young days .
In the report "Demography is Not Destiny , Revisited" (2005) , R . B . Friedland and L . Summer pointed out that single women have particularly low average incomes .
The report also said that the uneducated have lower income and worse health than people with higher education .
Furthermore , it is not assured that all  are able to save up money during their younger days .
Therefore , they are the people who will suffer the most if we limit spending for the aged .
"Those who do not work do not eat" (author , year) .
However , what if they worked hard but still cannot afford to eat ?
In these situations , they really need a helping hand from the government to get by .
Critics of this position suggest that means-testing should be applied to limit the spending to just these vulnerable sub-groups .
However , things are not always simple and we will consider in the next paragraph the effect of reducing public spending on the society , even if means-testing is applied .
In conclusion , we should not limit spending on the aged because it is our way to express our thanks to their contributions to the societyand this allows the under-privileged old people to live on  to maintain  economic and social stability .
Global aging population is one of the most critical and pressing issues that the leaders of the twenty first century face .
According to the United Nations report , the proportion of population aged 60 or above in  developed and less developed countries is projected to reach 33% and 25% respectively by 2050(United Nations , 2002) .
The change in the age structure of a country's population will have a profound impact on the political , social and economical conditions of that country .
In view of the increasing number of elderly , governments across the globe have implemented various policies to help them cope with the aging process .
Aging process here refers to the problems that will come about as one grows old , such as healthcare issues , financial problems and many more .
Although there are already policies in place , much changes and improvements have to be done to effectively help the elderly address their growing concerns and improve their quality of life .
Advocate of the government policies often argue that many countries have provided financial security and support for the aged through policies such as social pension and compulsory savings (Wesumperuma , 2009) .
While this may be true , such measures are ineffective in reducing old-age poverty as many elderly have little understanding of how the system works and do not possess the necessary financial knowledge to manage their savings and allowance .
As such , government has to put more emphasis and effort in imparting financial education and providing money advice and information to help the elderly to better finance their savings and incomes .
Due to the complexity of these policies , some elderly do not even know how to use them to their benefits , hence rendering them worthless .
In addition , a study by (Age UK  ,2009) shows that old people often do not know how to optimize their savings and spend their money carelessly .
As a result , their savings and incomes are exhausted quickly .
In another separate study by Chu &Yuen( 2008) , it is stated that around 67% of the respondents think that the compulsory saving in Hong Kong cannot provide them with a happy retirement life as they do not understand about the benefits of Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) scheme and hence do not care about it .
Therefore it is necessary that the government highlight the availability and benefits of their financial policies and equip the aged with basic financial education to increase the effectiveness of these policies .
{http://www .econ .tu .ac .th/doc/article/fulltext/189 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .econ .tu .ac .th/doc/article/fulltext/189 .pdf]
Tunner , M .D .
(2008 ,) .
The Grass Is Not Always Greener: A Look at National Health Care Systems Around the World Retrieved September 18 ,2009 .
From {http://www .cato .org/pub_display .php ?pub_id=9272}[HYPERLINK: http://www .cato .org/pub_display .php ?pub_id=9272]
Help the aged we will (2007) .
Meeting care needs in the community Retrived September 18 , 2009 .
From {http://policy .helptheaged .org .uk/NR/rdonlyres/D9D24C46-7E0B-4C14-AA8F-879EEEDE0938/0/ID6916MeetingCareNeeds .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://policy .helptheaged .org .uk/NR/rdonlyres/D9D24C46-7E0B-4C14-AA8F-879EEEDE0938/0/ID6916MeetingCareNeeds .pdf]
The University of Maine (2001) .
The U .S . Health Care System: Best in the world , or Just the most expensive ?
Retrieved September 18 ,2009 .
From {http://dll .umaine .edu/ble/U .S .%20HCweb .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://dll .umaine .edu/ble/U .S .%20HCweb .pdf]
Wallop , H . (2009 , May 16) Older workers hit hardest by unemployment crisis .
Telegraph .
Retrieved September 18 , 2009 .
From {http://www .telegraph .co .uk/finance/financetopics/recession/5330496/Older-workers-hit-hardest-by-unemployment-crisis .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .telegraph .co .uk/finance/financetopics/recession/5330496/Older-workers-hit-hardest-by-unemployment-crisis .html]
Secondly , there is a need to increase the efficiency of the social and health care system by curbing the rising cost of health care service and making it more accessible to the aged .
Critics of this position often point out that there are already established health care system and policies in place to subsidise the cost of health care and that changes are frequently introduced to improve them .
Despite the changes that are being implemented , such measures are insufficient to help the aged as the root problems of rising cost and increasing inaccessibility are not addressed .
As pointed out by Tanner (2008) , rising health care cost is a global phenomenon .
Costly health care system is highly unsustainable as it strains government budget and imposes a great burden on the aged and their families' finances .
As a result , the savings and the income of the elderly may be used up quickly or large portion of their finances have to be spent on health care services .
One possible solution is to encourage people to buy more health insurance (University of Maine , 2001)  .
Many elderly are uninsured as they fail to realise that many of the illnesses that can be prevented or treated cheaply in the early stages very often worsen into critical conditions .
In addition , although there are health care systems in place , there are still many who do not have access to them .
This is due to the confusing systems that access the elderly base on ambiguous criteria that make it harder for them to obtain the service  , as well as  information and advice ( Help The aged we will , 2007) .
Hence , containing rising health care cost and increasing accessibility are essential to help ease the aging process .
Lastly , more should be done to increase the labour participation rate of the aged in the workforce .
An argument against this is that adequate effort has been put in to encourage later retirement and longer working lives .
Despite the effort , employment level of the aged still remain low as the elderly continue to face discrimination at work .
Older workers are often viewed as less dynamic and less creative as compared to the younger workersand thus they are less preferred .
Unless there is a change in attitude towards the older workers , it will be difficult for them to be find jobs , which can keep them active and support their financial needs .
Discrimination towards the older workers is more evident during the recession .
There was a 46% increase in the number of unemployed people in the UK whereas the biggest increase was those aged 60 and above with an increase of 65% (Wallop , 2009) .
A possible solution for this is to scrap the national default retirement age which often gives the power to employers to retrench those above this retirement age .
Also the government can give benefits or incentives to older workers to encourage them to go for re-training in order to increase their employability .
Employment can reduce elder dependency and provide some financial support for the aged to finance some of their activities .
In conclusion , current policies are inadequate in allowing the elderly to retire happily .
Changes should be made to the current financial , health care and employment policies for the aged so that they can better help the elderly .
There is a need to equip the elderly with the proper finance management to make the financial policies effective .
Also , cost reduction and increasing accessibility are vital for an efficient health care system .
In addition , reducing age discrimination in the workplace must be enforced to better help the elderly secure jobs .
Subsequently , these policies should be revised and improved frequently as the needs and concerns of the aged will change over time .
Reference list
WESUMPERUMA , D .D (2009 , January 20) .
'Social pensions' ensure income security in old age .
Bangkok Post .
Retrieved September 17 , 2009 , from {http://www .bangkokpost .com/opinion/opinion/10036/social-pensions-ensure-income-security-in-old-age}[HYPERLINK: http://www .bangkokpost .com/opinion/opinion/10036/social-pensions-ensure-income-security-in-old-age]
United Nations .
World Population Ageing: 1950-2050 Retrieved September 17 ,2009 .
From {http://www .un .org/esa/population/publications/worldageing19502050/}[HYPERLINK: http://www .un .org/esa/population/publications/worldageing19502050/] Age UK , Coping with the crunch: the consequences for older people with the crunch: Retrieved September 17 , 2009 .
From
{http://policy .helptheaged .org .uk/NR/rdonlyres/81925E83-426E-441A-B0E8-4666E05A62EE/0/coping_with_the_crunch_160709 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://policy .helptheaged .org .uk/NR/rdonlyres/81925E83-426E-441A-B0E8-4666E05A62EE/0/coping_with_the_crunch_160709 .pdf]
Chu ,W .L ,& Yuen , W .K .
(2008 .june) Can a "Compulsory Savings" Scheme Enhance the Future Happiness of Society ?
A survey of the Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) scheme in Hong Kong .
Thammasat Economic Journal , 26(2) Retrieved September 17 , 2009 .
From
Public spending is the amount of taxation collected by the the government to provide for services for its people such as education , health care and law and order maintenance .
Changes in demographic trends haveled to the rapid increase in the number of seniors  .
If the number of elderly continues to increase , pertinent problems will definitely escalate .
Therefore , government should spend more on the aged not only to ease their aging process , but also to tackle problems arising from a growing population .
Despite the government's consistent spending on the old , public spending on the aged should not be limited but should be used accordingly based on the circumstances .
Second , the elders will be the ones contributing the most in the near future .
Increasing spending on them will lead to increasing benefits for the country in the future .
Supported by the AARP report (2007) , most Singaporean  leaders consider population aging as an opportunity to create new roles for the elderly .
The government should therefore focus more on the older people by providing them with more training  .
In spite of the elderly's willingness to work , the employers may not want to take them in  , as suggested by the statistics retrieved from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (2000): the forecasted number of people being employed for every person in year 2030 is 2 in Japan and 2 in Canada .
The reason may be the older people are not as productive and employers may not be prepared to take in these elderly citizens (AARP 2007) .
However , Angel Gurria , (2008) cited that in an era of rapid population aging , employers can no longer afford policies , employment practices and attitudes that discourage work at an older age .
This shows that employers will have to resort to employing the aged .
Thus , it will be prudent for the government to commence its course of actions earlier before the situation become worse .
The aged are not able to depend on young adults .
As Molina (2007) stated , the present-day adults are having increasingly fewer children , and thus , there will be increasingly fewer young people to care for their parents in their older years .
Due to that , the government is advised to lend a hand in helping them and  limiting its spending does not assist the aged .
However , one may argue that the elders maybe old but they have full capabilities to care for themselves .
In Japan (Reuters , 2007) , an old man passed away in his apartment for 3 years and no one knew about it until the landlord was prompted to visit him .
In view of that , it's known that the elderly can't really manage themselves , especially when they are getting older .
If nothingwere to be done to protect them , the aged will continue to suffer and the situation may even worsen in the next few decades .
It will help reduce the burden of the younger generations  when The government put more emphasis on the aged .
Lee (2009) has provided suggestions on helping the elders to become more self-reliant through the implementation of various policies  , such  as providing the elderly with better health care services and jobs  .
By doing so , the younger ones will be able to concentrate on  their jobs , which will in turn help develop the country and probably even increase the birth rate .
However , by doing so , it will increase the dependency of the young adults on the government to help support their parents .
They will begin to neglect their parents and forget about filial obligations to their parents .
What is recommended is the government should probably help only those elderly whose children are not financially capable of supporting their parents .
the government may have to create a new policy stating that those children who have stable income of a certain amount will have to take care of their parents .
By doing so , the government is able to concentrate on those who really require the help .
There are always some controversies over  the future of aging   , which is one of the most interesting subjects nowadays .
Some people think about it as a burden to the national economy which requires spending a lot on pension as well as health issues ,  while others argue that old people have the right to enjoy public money .
From my point of view  , I strongly agree with the idea which encourages government to reduce the amount of money spent on the aged  .
The very first and most striking point to note is that the world economy is suffering from many  recessions and the most recent one occurred from 2008 to first 6 months of 2009 .
This means that it will be a burden for the government to keep financing the pension or taking care of all the  expenditure  in health and accommodation issues .
And to be specific , I think there are also many other important fields that  need  government aid  , such as education or children's upbringing , which will definitely have a considerable influence on the country's future .
Secondly , the family should be responsible in taking care of the old  , so that the government can have more time and money to spend on other fields .
For example  , in some Asian countries such as Vietnam or Japan , their children are very willing to take care of their old parents till the end of their lives  .
This  is a  common moral obligation in Asian culture .
Nowadays ,  there are many blue-collar jobs which are  reserved for old people to earn a living .
For instance ,  I can see that most  blue-collar workers in Singapore are about over fifty .
Even though there are some people who argue that old people have the right to use the government financial aid because they have paid taxes , I personally think they , as well as their children , have  benefited from public services such as transportation , education , etc .
In short , I think not only the government , but also the family  have the responsibility to take care of the old people and so  public budget could be spent on many different areas to develop country  .
It is known by all that our society is aging .
Our government has played a huge role in implementing and improving our policies to maximize  aid for the elderly .
However , there will always be persisting problems that the government will face  , such  as planning for the national budget  , managing rising cost in the medical field and providing safety  measures in public areas .
Thus , current research and development in these areas are required  .
The national budget and the economy have come under pressure as the government provides heavy subsidies to the elderly in medical , transportation and even social activities .
Some might think that rather than having to research for and develop better economic policies , the government should  allocate  public funds tothe   .
However , we should not  blindly put these money into subsidies , but instead ,  use it to research for better policies or systems  .
With better policies , the government will be able to increase the productivity of the work force .
When productivity increases , economic growth will also follow .
There will be more money generated and fewer people will be in need .
One example would  the "Foreign Talent Policy" , which opened our market to foreign talents and thus increasing the productivity of the workforce .
The government introduced a scheme that allows people to provide in advance for their old age dependency .
They are encouraged to save a portion of their salaries into a special account when they are most active in the workforce .
In Singapore , this particular self-funded retirement scheme is called "CPF Contributions" .
This is where the employer and employee have to provide monetary contributions for that particular employee's CPF account .
Apart from this , there are additional or related schemes such as Medisave and Medishield .
Britain , Australia , Chile have also moved towards this kind of funded retirement schemes .
Therefore , current research in development and policies in the economy sector have helped in easing the aging process .
In the medical aspect ,  no medicine in the world can cure aging illnesses such as Dementia and Arthritis .
Even though this is a fact , advancement in the medical field has proven to  cure some old age diseases like Cataracts .
Constant research in this field has better prepared the elderly in terms of knowledge , treatments and physical conditions in relation to these diseases .
With prior knowledge , people will be mentally prepared for the aging process .
In addition , they can seek treatments in the early stages to prevent worsening of the conditions or even get cured .
This will also in turn save huge amount of money for the people , as later treatments will require one to pay a higher price .
Knowing the symptoms of a disease does help too .
One example is that when an elderly is having doubled or blurred vision , sensitivity to light and glare , he or she might be having cataract .
Thus they can seek treatment or go for a cataract surgery if needed .
Research and developments have also seen implementation of the latest technologies being used in hospitals , clinics and some even at home .
New age technologies like these have helped doctors to react within precious seconds in saving a person's life .
They can also assess the their patient's condition in a shorter and more accurate time frame .
For example , elderly with high blood pressure can check their blood pressure anytime and anywhere with just a push of the button on a compact , portable blood pressure monitor .
Thus , all these researches in medical field have aided the aging process tremendously .
In conclusion , all the research and developments  , as well as  policies that the government has invested in , have made aging a more joyous and less terrifying journey .
Thus , current research , development and policies in the economy , medical sector and architectural sector have helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
One of the biggest issues the world is facing now is the problem of an aging population .
Thus , there is an increasing number of concerns as to how to solve the problems of an aging population .
One of the most direct ways of dealing with the problems is to divert more government spending to the aged .
However , the amount of government funds available is limited .
By directing more funds to the aged , there will be lesser funds for other areas of the country's development .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Critics argue that by limiting the government spending on the aged , it would increase the negative impact of an aging population .
When lesser amount of government spending is given to the aged , the individuals and families will end up paying more .
Their financial burden will increase with financial related social problems following behind .
However , without limiting the government spending on the aged , the people may become too reliable on the government .
They may not take the initiative to save their money for future uses .
This could create serious problems for the government as it will cause additional pressure on the national budget and the economy .
The children may even end up not supporting their parents at all .
An example would be the increasing number of elderly suing their children for not supporting them in Singapore .
From August 2008 to July 2009 , Popatal (2009) found that there were 172 people who have filed applications at the Tribunal for Maintenance of Parents .
This is much higher than the average of 100 in previous years .
The elderly are being forced to get help from the government as their children are not willing to support them .
By limiting the government spending on the aged , the children will not push all the responsibilities of taking care of their aged parents to the government .
They will not form a habit of relying too much on the government .
Another reason why public spending should be limited is because a country does not only consist of the aged .
There are other sectors that need  government's help .
If the government's spending on the aged is not limited , the other sectors will be neglected .
The education sector is an example .
The education sector is very important to a country as it nurtures the young and turns them into useful adults .
The government helps the young by issuing bursaries and scholarships  , as well as encouragesthe students to study hard and helps those who are poor but are eager to go to school .
Without setting a limit on the government funds spent on the aged , all these will not be possible .
There will be lesser amount of skilful adults in the workforce and this may in turn slow down the economy .
Without economic growth , the government may face a deficit .
Taxes may have to increase and takes a bigger toll on the people .
Hence , it is important to limit  public spending on the aged so as to divert it to other areas of the country's development .
In conclusion , it is important to limit the spending on the aged so that people will not be too reliable on the government .
They should also be aware that the elderly are now healthier and  are capable of supporting themselves .
A country does not consist of only the aged and spending too much government funds is unnecessary and will cause a negative impact on the economy .
The population in the world is aging rapidly and the number of persons aged 60 or over is expected almost to triple , increasing from 737 million in 2009 to 2 billion by 2050 globally .
(United Nations , 2009) This signals the need to deal with this pressing issue of aging Population .
Fortunately , many countries have recognized this need and have come up with different strategies to tackle the aging issues .
Many countries' current strategies have been formulated with the elderly in mind and hence they are able to address the needs of the elderly , thereby easing their aging process .
"Aging" is defined as the process of becoming old .
(Oxford University Press , 2005) Hence , easing the aging process would mean making the course towards old age an enjoyable and less tedious one for the elderly .
In the Singapore context , there are many different approaches in place and the few main ones include the implementation of the Central Provident Fund (CPF) , development and improvement made to the existing healthcare system and elder-friendly infrastructure and the implementation of the Tax Relief Scheme .
All these have  helped to alleviate the aging process and allow the elderly to enjoy their twilight years to the fullest .
The CPF in Singapore has played a crucial role in helping to reduce the fiscal cost of elder dependency as it compels citizens to save in advance for their old age (Central Provident Fund [CPF] Board , 2009) .
Critics of this plan have debated that it is unsuitable as high costs of living makes it difficult for people to save more of their earnings for  pensions .
Thus it is incapable in helping to relieve the financial burden of the elderly .
However , this may not be true as with judicious planning of their spending , it is not impossible for them to save more while they are still active in the work force and be financially independent in old age .
Also , other social issues associated with an aging population ,   like declining birth rate and people living longer , have indicated that there will be fewer working adults available to contribute to the society and to support the aged .
Therefore , this has increased the significance of the CPF as it compels people to save in advance lest they are unable  to support themselves during their old age .
Furthermore , the CPF has helped to rule out the possibilities of younger generations neglecting  the importance of saving for their old age  .
Hence , the CPF has indeed helped to ease the aging process and the financial burden of the elderly as it requires people to save in advance and also informs citizens on how much they should save in order to be self- sufficient for their old age .
This gives people  a sense of security in their twilight years as they are now  able to enjoy their lives without much financial worries .
Apart from the CPF , development and improvement made to the existing healthcare system and elder-friendly infrastructure have also eased the problem of disabilities and old-age illnesses .
These actions are superficial and inadequate as they do not directly deal with the problems related to old age; and therefore are unable to ease the aging process .
However , this may not be the case as with improved healthcare system; it helps  the elderly because their healthcare needs will be better taken care of .
An example will be the introduction of more community hospitals to provide better and affordable healthcare services to the elderly .
In addition , with the development of more elder-friendly infrastructure within the community ,  the community will become barrier-free , safer and more conducive for the elderly .
One of such projects is the lift upgrading programme (Lee , 2009) .
The improved lifts will stop at every floor and this will  better cater to the needs of the elderly .
Additionally , to allow the aged to move about conveniently , many places , including public transportations have been made wheel-chair accessible .
Hence , with a safer environment and with the provision of elder-friendly infrastructure and unhindered access to the public facilities , the elderly will be allowed to move about freely and enjoy their old age .
Implementation of the Tax Relief Scheme such as The Aged Parent Relief is also an important step to improve the retirement security as it encourages children to take care of their parents , thereby easing the aging process (CPF , 2009) .
At this point , one may take advantage of this scheme to claim the tax reliefs for one's use as it is nearly impossible for the government to keep track of where the money is being spent on .
Thus the elderly parents may not be at the receiving end .
While this may indeed happen , the government has taken a further step to discourage this from happening .
For instance , the government has passed the Maintenance of Parents Act to allow elderly parents to file lawsuit against their children who have failed to carry out filial obligations (Khalik , 2009) .
Hence , this act has helped to deter the children from making use of the tax relief scheme inappropriately and has also sustained the main objective of the scheme to promote filial piety .
Thus , with the potential "loophole" being dealt with , the tax relief scheme will be able to help in lessening the financial burden that the children have to take on from looking after their parents .
All these helped to encourage the children to look after their parents and at the same time , ensure that the elderly parents will be at the receiving end .
Hence , these approaches have increased the seniors' confidence and security during their twilight years .
Overall ,  strategies such as the introduction of CPF , the development and improvement of the elder-friendly infrastructure and healthcare system and the implementation of tax relief scheme have indeed helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
These strategies have helped to ensure that the elderly are self-sufficient during their old age and also allowed them to live in a more conducive and barrier-free environment .
Although there is still room for improvement , current strategies have already done a pretty great well in ensuring that the individuals have saved enough for their old age and  increasing their sense of  security .
All these have indeed made the process towards aging a more enjoyable and fulfilling one and  allowed the aged to truly enjoy their well-prepared twilight years .
Expenditure on the elderly is taking up more of the government budget due to the rapidly aging population .
Money that can be otherwise spent on the country's developments has to be used in settling the problem of the greying population .
Countries are spending more and more money on health care , infrastructure and transportation specially custom-made for the elderly .
Due to this , the country's development in other areas has to take a step back , thus resulting in the inability to attain its potential .
In the  essay , I shall discuss the problems that are brought about by the increase in public spending on the aged and the areas that could have benefited if the fund were to be used on them instead .
When a country like the United States'' elderly population increased eleven-fold between 1900 and 1994  , it  is evident that there will be an increase in personal assistance for the aged (Hobbs , 1993 , 25-1104) .
This will translate into an increased funding  to provide care for this group of people .
On top of the money being put aside for health care  for the aged , barrier-free facilities like wheel-chair friendly roads and transportation system have to be planned to accommodate  them .
To deal with these global aging problems , governments  have to reserve a large proportion of the already limited public spending for the elderly .
This result in a reduction of the government budget for the country's development in both economic and social terms .
The fund used on the elderly could otherwise be spent on allowing the country to have better economic growth by building a better infrastructure  and an  education system .
In this way , the general population will be able to benefit from the increase in income as a result of the economic growth .
On the other hand , it is not morally right to leave the aged to fend for themselves , especially when they had contributed in one way or another to the country's development in their younger days .
It is true that the government should reward the aged for their contributions; but in order for the country to continue enjoying a sustained growth , the public spending have to be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
In addition , the responsibility of supporting the elderly does not only lie on the shoulders of the government , the elderly themselves should plan for their retirements when they are still economically active .
This is done by implementing policies like the Medisave system , where Singaporeans have to put aside a certain percentage of their income into the Medisave account (Central Provident Fund) .
This system is to ensure that the senior citizens will be able to live on their own savings in the Medisave account .
Not only that , the children should also be show filial piety for their aged parents .
In cases where the elderly are childless or physically ill due to aging ,  it will be the government's duty to take care of them .
However ,  contrary to what is commonly believed , Pat Thane (citation) argued that , they are not inevitably unhealthy .
As  living conditions improve and technology advances , people are able to lead a healthier lifestyle and live longer as compared to the past .
Thane also said that " many tasks can be performed as well by people in their seventies as by younger people , even when they involve quite heavy physical or intellectual demands" (Thane ,1991) .
As a result of the above mentioned arguments by Pat Thane , the Senior lecturer in Social Science and Administration at Goldsmiths College , London , being old might not be translated to being a burden to the society .
The elderly , especially the "young elderly" , would surely be able to earn a living on their own if they do not have the luxury of  children supporting them .
Therefore , an aging population might not pose problems as feared .
In summary , public spending on the aged should be limited because of the fact that the elderly should have planned for their old age when they were young and they might still be able to support themselves if the need arises .
A country will be able to progress if its citizens do their part in planning for their retirement  .
Many countries are facing the problems brought about byan aging population  .
For instance , the workforce gets smaller as elder workers retire and the working class has to pay more taxes because of  a slower economic growth and the need to provide more healthcare services for the aged .
Even though the world is facing an aging population , public spending should not be spent only on the aged as there are many other areas that need to be taken care of in a country's  development .
The aging population is already a problem in many countries such as Japan and Singapore .
Therefore , public spending had been reviewed to address this problem and  to reduce the negative impact of the aging problems  .
However , due to  practical reasons , a country has its limitations in supporting the aged .
Hence , countries should assess the other important areas that public spending should be focused on as well .
On the other hand , if public spending on the aged were reduced , many social problems would arise in the country .
As the aged are used to receiving allowances and subsidies , the lack of government aids might affect their lives .
They would be unable to support themselves , especially with the increasing  healthcare costs .
According to the Singapore Department of Statistics , the Consumer Price Index for healthcare had  increased  3 .6% from February 2008 to February 2009 .
This would mean higher costs of living for the aged .
Therefore , in this case , moral issues need to be considered as well .
Children of the aged they should do their part in taking care of their parents after their retirement .
In conservative countries such as Singapore , children are expected to taking care of their parents by providing them with allowances to meet their daily needs .
Children should remember how their parents have taken care of them when they were young and hence , should do their part in demonstrating  filial piety and take care of their aged parents , instead of relying on the country to help .
In order to ensure that the aged are properly taken care of by their children , government could introduce policies and enforce them  .
This would help to enforce  moral values and also directly reduce public spendingthat could be diverted to other areas of development .
Other areas of development include addressing social issues such as the decrease in the birthrate and the increase in child abuse cases .
In Singapore , the Marriage and Parenthood package with the extension of the Baby Bonus attained only marginal success in increasing the birthrate of Singaporeans .
The median age of citizen mothers at first birth had increased over the years from 28 .6 in 1998 to 29 .4 in 2008 , thus causing the fertility rate for the prime childbearing age group of 20 to 34 to decline .
Hence , public spending could be used to introduce more programs and subsidies to encourage people having larger families instead .
With increased birthrate , Singapore would be able to resolve the problem of aging population in the near future .
Besides aging population , other social issues such as child abuse are also crucial problems that need to be addressed .
According to the Social Statistics 2009 conducted by the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , the number of child abuse cases investigated in Singapore had increased from 154 in 2007 to 176 in 2008 .
This significant increase indicates that attention should be diverted to address this problem .
Public spending could be used to ensure that there are ways to reach out to the abused victims in the society .
In addition , it is essential to increase public awareness through campaigns and seminars to givethe public a better understanding on child abuse .
With this , the society could play a part in creating a safer environment for children and hence , enhancing the social development in Singapore .
Even though many countries are facing aging population , there is a still a limit on what can be done .
Thus , countries should not be overwhelmed by the problems of aging population and overlook other potential problems .
In conclusion , public spending should be used on the aged but also not neglecting other problems  which hinder the country's development .
Too much of the nation's budget is being spent on aiding the elderly and the government should limit and channel these funds to other more important areas for the country's development .
For most countries , part of their national budget will be spent on funding the aged each year .
For example , $121million is set aside as Senior Citizen Bonus in Singapore this year (Budget Highlights , 2009) .
The elderly receive subsidies in various areas such as housing and medical benefits .
As the elderly today are able to survive without subsidies from the government , these funds should be put to better use and be directed to support the country's development .
The society has stressed on the importance of filial piety which requires children to take care of their parents .
Children are obliged to take care of their parents and this will lessen the burden on  society to take care of the elderly .
Thus , less funds are needed to help these elderly .
Excess funds should then be channeled to other areas for the country's development .
Many may think that with the obligation to support their parents , the  family members will bear a heavier burden  .
However , providing for the parents is not an additional burden for the children as there are benefits when they take care of their parents .
For example , the tax relief for adults who live with their aged parents has been increased to $5000 and the CPF Housing Grant Scheme to encourage young couples to stay near their parents ("Round Up Speech" , 2007) .
Therefore , it is not true to say that  working adults bear a heavier burden from supporting their parents because government incentives are provided .
Hence , the government should limit the amount used to aid the elderly as their financial needs are taken care of by their own family members .
Nowadays , the elderly are able to support themselves .
Chan (1999) showed that elderly respondents with CPF accounts are significantly less likely to rely on children as their main source of financial support .
Evidence suggests that as CPF coverage widens , reliance on children will probably decrease .
The government has implemented policies to help citizens prepare for their retired life .
Policies such as compulsory CPF and Medisave savings both require citizens to set aside part of their salaries to meet their future  needs .
Even if the elderly can support themselves , some may argue that since they pay taxes  , they  should be allowed to use the funds set aside for them .
Funds directed to other areas for the country's development will also benefit the society , such as  the construction of handicapped-friendly ramps and upgrading of HDB flats' lift to serve at all levels .
The taxes that they pay may be channeled to support these upgrading works and benefit everyone .
With these policies implemented by the government , the elderly do not need so much financial assistance to meet their needs .
Everyone should be responsible for themselves .
The aged should  continue to work  beyond their retirement age when they are still capable of supporting themselves .
In recent years , the government has been promoting elder employment and raising the eligible age for employment .
Hence , the elderly should have no problem finding jobs to financially support themselves .
Others may think that the elderly have already contributed their share to  society and should now retire .
However , instead of letting them idle at home , the retired should be allowed to return to the workforce and continue to contribute to the economy .
Not only are they able to benefit financially , they are also able to share their precious experiences with the younger generations .
With the elderly returning to the workforce , they will be less dependent on the government subsidies and thus , less funds should be set aside for the elderly .
The elderly will be supported in their retirement   by their working family members  , and gaining help from government policies (CPF savings , Medisave funds and Elderly bonuses) .
There is no need to worry about the large sum of financial aid required by the aged .
All in all , funds should be limited and directed to other more important areas for the country's development so that the country will be able to remain competitive in the economy and achieve sustained economic growth .
Education is a key area in which public spending should be utilized to increase a nation's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) .
per capita , labour productivity and international competitive edge .
One nation's economy success depends on the quality of the workforce (Edwards , 2008) .
Highly educated future generations will tend to earn more incomes and be more health conscious , thus less reliant on government for health and welfare (Friedland and Summer , 2005) .
Singapore owes its economic success to the good management of the education system and meeting the demand for skills through training the workforce to meet and keep up with the economic changes (Lee , Goh and Fredriksen , 2008) .
Singapore's social security system , which focuses on self-reliance and individual savings , is in line with the compulsory saving scheme , the Central Provident Fund (CPF) .
The CPF Education Scheme allows people to use the ordinary account to pay for  tertiary education in  local institutions , and at the same time , encourages more people to further their education (Mehta , and Wee , 2004) .
Education can also be a channel for the nation to emphasize filial obligations in order to increase willingness of the future generations to take care of their parents when they are old (Peterson , 2001) .
As part of the Singapore's education system , National Education aims to foster national cohesion , a sense of belonging and good moral values (Ministry of Education , 2009) .
Nevertheless , educating the workforce , including the aged , on the importance of planning for retirement and continuous skills upgrading are also essential .
This allows the workforce to start accumulating their wealth until the retirement age and at the same time , especially for the aged to remain productive through skill upgrading (Peterson , 2001)
Public spending should also be allocated to implement various schemes for the development of the Small Medium Enterprise (SME) .
sector .
The various schemes aim to help the SMEs increase their revenue and attract investors through upgrading the existing business operations and creating gateway and funding opportunities (Spring Singapore , 2009) .
In 2008 , the National Research Foundation (NRF) announced that 75 million Singapore dollars were set aside to support the Proof-of Concept grants (POC scheme) for the SMEs to strengthen innovation and entrepreneurship as the sector contributes over 40% of the GDP and half of the employment workforce (Loh , 2007) .
At the same time , the government also provides grants to support SMEs to recruit , retrain and retain their workers , especially the older workers , to ensure productivity .
Two examples of the grants are the Human Resource Capability Package developed by SPRING Singapore and the Singapore Workforce Development Agency (WDA) , which improves and strengthens SMEs' human resource management capabilities  , as well as  the ADVANTAGE !
Scheme , which motivates SMEs to recruit older workers (Ministry of Manpower , 2006) .
These will help to lower the barriers to elder employment , enabling them to work longer and accumulate more wealth for their retirement (Peterson , 2001)
Infrastructure is another area where public spending should be set aside for as it benefits everyone in the long run .
Enhancing and upgrading of common places such as sport facilities , schools , public housing estates , roads and parks are to satisfy the needs  of the public .
It can also be seen as an evidence of public spending .
In 2009 , the Singapore Senior Minister of State for National Development announced that the government plans to spend between S$18 and S$20 billion on infrastructure projects and another S$15 to S$17 billion in 2010 and 2011 respectively .
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong noted in the National Day Rally Speech 2009 that new general hospitals (Khoo Teck Puat Hospital and Jurong General Hospital) would be built in response to the healthcare needs in Singapore , and  on top of that , there is also a need to build step-down care .
Twinning the current general hospitals with  community hospitals , which are run by charitable organizations , will make healthcare affordable for all , especially the aged .
For example , a bridge would be built to link Tan Tock Seng General Hospital to Ren Ci Community Hospital that enables  patients from Tan Tock Seng General Hospital  to be moved to Ren Ci Community Hospital for rehabilitation and the patients may pay lesser for health care costs .
The 2008 yearly report from the World Health Organization on global health statistics stated that Singapore utilizes 3 .7 percent of its GDP on healthcare , which is generally low as compared to the United States' 15 .4 percent .
Singapore uses only one-fourth of its taxes , which is about only $381 per capita on health and individuals pay for the rest (Callick , 2008) .
This shows the importance of tackling the roots of the high cost of healthcare instead of using the public spending directly on the aged .
Aging issues are very complicated but not indomitable .
For all nations , wise planning on public spending and wise policy planning are very crucial as they influence one's future (Friedland and Summer , 2005) .
Creating welfare dependency on the government only solves the issues temporarily .
In order to prevent this , public spending on the aged should be limited .
Instead , it should be used on other areas of development to tackle the roots of the issues and improve the quality of life for the aged .
Public spending refers to the expenditure incurred the government , which may include expenses on  military , health , education , infrastructure , development projects , and the cost of servicing (paying off the interest on) overseas loan .
Aging problems are likely to cause a substantial increase in public expenditure on health .
But the steady development of a society as a whole needs a balance of public spending on all aspects .
Thus the government should be cautious in expanding spending in the aging population , taking into account the impact on economic growth .
Many recent reports (citation) from developed countries have found that ageing will have only a small effect on the healthcare expenditure in future , thus spending on the aged can be limited within a certain small scope of the proportion of GDP .
For example , reports from the United States , the United Kingdom and Australia have reached similar conclusions .
There are two reasons why researchers have reached this conclusion .
Firstly , the older population is not spending a large proportion of the country's GDP , and the fact is not simply that the  greater the proportion of older people  , the greater would be the  spending  .
For example ,  Sweden and  Australia have similar  ,  .
In 2000 , 17 .3% of the Swedish population was aged 65 years or older; it spent only 8 .6% of its GDP on health .
This is less than the 9 .3% spent by Australia in 2001-02 , when only 12 .7% of the population was 65 years or older .
Secondly , many countries have adopted effective strategies to make the expenditure on health for an aging population  small and manageable , Here are some of the strategies: (1) stratify the old by age and sex; (2) ; (3) increase transparency about self-employed income to ensure fairness in the financing of social insurance systems , including the new long-term care insurance .
But , the aging problem may be exaggerated , due to a variety of reasons .
.
Secondly , some groups of people may require a significant increase in public spending on the aging population .
One group is the old .
Compared to long-term economic development , they may be more concerned about their own welfare .
Another group is the government .
With an increasing number of elderly voters , politicians may provide excessive benefits to the elderly to win votes .
.
If the government finds that aging is a heavy burden , it is bound to decrease the necessary public expenditure , thereby forcing more people to use private health institutions .
Many countries , including Singapore , are facing the issue of  aging population .
There are many implications for this issue and one of them is that the spending by the government on the aged has increased in order to deal with this issue .
This affects the amount of available funds  spend on other areas of the country's development ,  such as the economy , education and infrastructure .
Thus , in today's society , much has been debated on whether public spending should be limited so that more money can be diverted to other areas for the country's development .
In my own opinion , I agree to a large extent that public spending on the aged should be limited .
One of the reasons to limit public spending on the aged is that there is a greater need to spend money on education than on the aged .
For countries such as Singapore where labor is vital and is the only resource , spending on education is important for the future growth of the country .
Furthermore , in Singapore where it is currently experiencing a low birth rate , developing  the young is crucial to ensure there will be sufficient  local talents in  future .
This is to ensure that Singapore will be able to stay competitive  in the future .
Therefore , in the long run , spending on education will generate economic benefits for the country .
On the other hand , if this same amount of money is to be spent on the aged , there will be no economic benefits generated by them for the country .
Hence , if the government did not limit its spending on the aged , there would be a  budget  left for developing the education sector .
This may affect the country in the long run .
It can also be argued that there is a greater need to spend on infrastructure development as it is  important  .
to limit spending on the aged means that there will be a larger amount of funds available to spend on infrastructure development .
This fund allows the country to develop proper infrastructure such as roads , electricity and even water supply to attract more foreign investors to set up firms in the country .
Superior infrastructure attracts foreign investors to set  up business in the country as it reduces production cost and also increases accessibility for their business .
Attracting foreign investors is important as foreign investments contribute to the country economic development .
Therefore , if government spending on the aged  increases due to aging population issues , the budget on infrastructure development will be lesser and this may affect the country's economic development  .
Another reason to limit public spending on the aged is that there is a need to set aside a larger amount of money for economic development especially  when there is global economic downturn .
As the economy is a key area of a country's development , the government should spend more money on economic development in order to sustain a healthy economic growth .
In addition , a prosperous economy will lead to the increase of wealth .
This means that the burden of supporting the aged by the society will be lessened .
Thus , developing the economy will bring benefits to both the country and the aged in long run .
On the flip side , spending on the aged is  equally  important  .
To limit spending on the aged does not mean that government should not spend on them .
As they are part of the country's population , there is a social responsibility to take care of the aged .
Moreover , this group of elderly had worked hard for years when they were young and had contributed to the economy and society .
I conclude that there is a need to limit public spending on the aged as there are other areas that require money for the country's development .
After all , the aged is not the only area that we should look into when deciding on the allocation of public spending .
There is a need for the government to take a wider perspective on the different areas that need money  when deciding on how much money is to be spent on each area .
Throughout the entire world ,  leaders of developed countries are concerned with the problems of an aging  population .
A country's budget would be spent in a few key areas such as defense , healthcare , environment , transport , research and development and education .
Public spending on the aged is necessary but should be limited in order for the money to be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
If majority of the spending is focused on the aged , it would limit the growth of the country  , which  would consequently lower the standard of living for all .
Secondly , a key area which requires funding is  research and development sector .
With strong support on research , new breakthrough can be discovered to cure chronic illnesses or age related diseases .
The cost of health care could be lowered with advancement in science and  medication which are more effective  .
Effective medication would translate into a shorter time spent in hospitals .
Therefore it lowers the elderly's burden on healthcare and improves or stabilizes the health of frail elderly .
Healthier elderly are able to return to the workforce and contribute to the country's development .
It may be argued that the amount invested in research does not produce equal rewards .
However , without continuous trials and errors ,  new innovations could not be made .
It is due to the persistent effort of researchers that many of today's technologies have been discovered .
Research and development on the defense of the country is also essential .
A country would be considered extremely vulnerable  with its graying population (less able-bodied individual) and outdated weaponry .
Thus with adequate funding on the research and development ,  the country will be at a better position .
Refereneces
Goulding , Margie R . 2005 "Trends In Prescribed Medicine Use And Spending By Older Americans , 1992 2001" Retrieved September 11 , 2009
(www .cdc .gov/nchs/data/ahcd/agingtrends/05medicine .pdf)
Limiting elderly spending does not confine to only within the present .
It is about coming out with a permanent solution which would curb  spending in the long run .
In Australia , the mean-testing pensions have helped to cut down a significant amount of aging population costs .
However , statistics have shown that the nation's health care spending will still nearly double from 6 .4% of its GDP in 2002 to 11 .5% in 2025 due to the larger proportion of elderly in relative to its population .
Therefore , the fiscal outcome may not turn out to be ideal because other expenses such as education and national defence will end up being squeezed .
So it can be deduced that limiting elderly spending in the present does not equate to paying off in the future .
Freidland and Summer (2005) suggest the importance of increased productivity of future workers , regardless of age , for better economic growth .
However , in the future , the bulk of the working population will have to come from the retiring baby boomers .
There are several limitations to the extent of how  productivity can be increased among these workers .
Firstly , for the more well-off elderly , they are less willing to work as they want to enjoy their retirement .
Secondly , more health issues will surface if the elderly are to work more or longer , especially for the less well-offs as most of them have difficulty in paying for their medical expenses .
Hence , in order to have  better economic growth , the process should be viewed with a more comprehensive perspective .
Government should provide a wider protection net for the elderly , such as implementing health insurances , promoting health campaigns  and  better welfare programs so as to reduce the mental and financial burden on the aged .
And this means spending on the elderly is required .
Although economic growth is important in providing care for the elderly , the limit  on the elderly spending should be set carefully , so that they would not create any adverse effects on the economy .
As the elderly will likely to form the core of the population in  future , they are becoming the major source of the economic growth .
Thus , their welfare and healthcare should be well taken care of .
When this condition is satisfied , economic growth then can be sustained to cater for other areas of country's development .
The government has a duty to take care of the aging population .
However , they should limit  public spending on the aged .
The responsibility to look after the aged should be shouldered by the children as well .
In addition , the aged could prepare themselves for their old age  , and thus reduce the burden of others .
Limiting  public spending on the aged reduces their dependency on the government .
Also , more money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Ageing population is a pervasive phenomenon affecting countries worldwide .
Governments have been working on strategies to deal with this problem .
One of the strategies is to increase the birth rate of the country .
For example , Singapore has implemented the baby bonus scheme to lighten the financial costs of raising children .
However , the government not only has to deal with reducing ageing population ,  but also to attend to the needs of the aged  .
There is a need to subsidize the aged for their healthcare , transport , facilities  .
More public spending has to be channeled to cater to the needs of the aged .
One may argue that public spending on the aged could be used on the country's development .
The development of the country is important but public spending on the aged should never be limited under all circumstances .
Public spending on the aged should not be limited .
The aged  deserves to receive the best welfare given by the country .
It is known that they had contributed to the country  during the prime  of their lives .
Their contributions should be recognized .
A practical way of recognizing their contribution is to provide them with subsidies and growth packages .
By limiting public spending on the aged , it may signify that the government perceives  the country's development to be as more important than the welfare of the people .
Some  people would resent the government for seeing development more important than its people .
In  extreme cases , some of them would hold protests to vent their anger towards the government .
There could be a social backlash if the government were to limit the public spending on the aged .
The people may view  the government as not wanting to take care of the aged , and see them as a burden .
This could cause the people to be skeptical about their welfare  in  future .
The morale of the local workforce could be affected .
Some people may seek to migrate to countries that will look after the welfare of the aged .
And the migration of the workforce would lead to a shortage of workers in the country .
Shortage of labour would impede the growth of the country .
Therefore , this would affect economic development of the country  .
On the other hand , limiting the amount of public spending  on the aged could help the country to develop more effectively during a crisis .
If the country faced an economic downturn , its revenue would be reduced .
This calls for a need for the government to spend on areas which could boost the economy .
Money should be spent more wisely in helping the country to get out of an economic downturn .
With  reduced revenue , the government should be more flexible in limiting the public spending on the aged .
By limiting  spending on the aged ,  the government will have more funds available to get the country out of an economic downturn .
More public funds could be allocated to education , and upgrading the skills for workers and building projects .
In the economic downturn , the government could use  their reserve funds instead .
This could be a morale booster for the people because the spending on the aged  is not reduced despite the economic downturn .
Limiting public spending on the aged is important because it indirectly controls the funds which would be channeled into other areas of a country's development .
This accounts for the difficulty in deciding the amount of funds to be diverted to helping the ageing population as many believe that money directed to boosting a country's economic growth is more practical than spending it on an ageing population which offers no economic returns .
Hence , a country should decide on the amount they want to commit on the ageing population as different amount would lead to different results .
For a country which places a low limit on  public spending for the aged , the amount of investment being channeled into other areas of the country's development would be lower than another with a higher limit on  public spending for the aged .
For example , Britain spends more on its ageing population as compared to America and its level of investment in research and development is lower than that of America .
However , this is not to say that  public spending on the aged is the sole factor for the cause of lower investments in other areas of a country's development , though it is only one of the many factors .
Nevertheless , it still affects the level of funds from being diverted to a country's development .
A low limitation limits the funds being diverted to other areas of the country's development such as education and economic developments .
This may result in a slowdown in the progress of a country because the progress of a country is dependent on its ability to keep up with the competitive global economy .
With less funds being pumped into areas such as technology and infrastructures , investments may flow out when other nations offer better incentives .
This would then lead to an overall fall in the revenue of a country which will translate into a drop in the public spending on the aged (Weil:1997) .
Thus ,  negative results are  achieved , with neither the aging population nor the country's economy benefitting from it .
Bibliography:
Dunnell , K . (1995) 'Are We Healthier ?
' , Population Trends , No .
82 , pp .
8-12 .
Weil , David N . , "The Economics of Population Aging" in Mark R . Rosenzweig and Oded Stark , eds . , Handbook of Population and Family Economics , New York: Elsevier , 1997 , 967-1014
Fast-aging population remains a precarious global challenge in today's world .
This unprecedented demographical shift with the number of dependent adults surpassing the number of dependent children envisages serious negative impacts , from declining of work forces and real GDP to sharp increasing of elderly fiscal cost , that will impoverish and subsequently impede developmental growth .
Among all , the astronomical healthcare-cost issues generate most controversial arguments as more chronic degenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's or arthritis are perceived as an inevitable component which tend to manifest in the later life .
Nonetheless , current research and development as well as policy have preeminently help to alleviate the dire consequences of the aging process  .
Public spending on the aged should be limited as money should be spent on other areas such as defense and public infrastructure as they play  more important roles in a country's future development .
Currently , most developed nations such as Japan , Singapore and Australia are facing problems on their societies turning grey as the numbers working to support the old are dwindling .
This causes social security problems which question the ability of the young to support a larger number of people .
An aging society means a smaller working force which would result in lesser tax payers This might cause in a decline in government fund .
It is not feasible for a country to spend more on the elderly when funds have a possibility of being decreased in future years .
Social sector wants govt to move beyond law for parent maintenance .
(2009 , August 19) Channel NewsAsia 172 file for parent maintenance in last 12 months .
(2009 , August 19) Channel NewsAsia
Funds should be used more on developing talents instead .
The problem that the aging population is facing right now is the lack of human resources .
We should now invest in creating and attracting talents , both local and foreign  , to reduce the impact of the dwindling working force .
Taking Japan for example , by year 2050 , one in three Japanese will be past their retirement age as the average birth rate is reported at 1 .23 babies per woman .
One of the solutions is to do a "replacement migration" where  foreign talents are recruited to strengthen the  human resource in certain countries .
A country can secure these talents by setting aside funds for education , giving bursaries and scholarships to attract foreign students whom will in turn stay and work .
Other than talents , providing the people with a high level of security is essential .
There are currently growing fears of terrorism after the September 11 attacks  .
Funds should be cast aside for security purposes , such as military technology to protect the people from external threats .
Only by living in a safe country then can one enjoy the benefits of living to a ripe old age .
Moreover , a dwindling population signifies that there are lesser people to defend the country .
Therefore , technology is highly needed to replace the loss of manpower .
However , not all elderly are well supported by their children .
During the wallstreet meltdown in 2008 , many have lost their jobs .
With huge families facing financial crises , the government will have to stand in to provide for the elderly in need .
Not only that ,  elderly who are being abandoned or are childless are disadvantaged as there is no one to support them  in the future .
Therefore , the retirement age should be extended and people should be educated to work longer and save more for their future livelihood .
The elderlylderly should be more independent instead .
Bibliography
D .A .
Coleman , Replacement Migration , or Why Everyone if Going to Have to Live in Korea: A Fable for our Times from the United Nations , Philosophical Transactions: Biological Sciences , Vol .
357 , No .
1420 , Reviews and a Special Collection on Human Migration (Apr .29 , 2002) , pp .
587-598
Grant Linsey , "Replaement Migration": The UN Population Division on European Population Decline , Population and Environment , Vol .
22 , No .
4 (Mar . , 2001) , pp .
391-399
Tarak Shuman , The Aging of the World's Population .
Ambio , Vol .13 , No .
3 , Population , Resources and Environment (1984) , pp .
175-181
Teo Peggy , Population Planning and Change in Singapore .
Population and Environment , Vol .
16 , No .
3 (Jan . , 1995) , pp .
237-251 Healthcare System to be restructured to cater to aging population .
(2009 , August 17) .
Channel NewsAsia
This year , our government intends to spend $42 .1 million on community- based and residential programmes for the elderly and the disabled (Singapore Budget , 2009) .
Let us just think about the money that is going to be spent on the elderly .
Now , the problem some may question is whether such expenditure is too much .
Why not use the money in other areas so that these areas can improve ?
However , we need to realize that the older population  refers to people who are not only oldbut are also facing certain difficulties in supporting themselves and they may  help to do better .
Thus , I do not think that we should limit the amount of money to be spent on the elderly .
As mentioned earlier , one reason why we should not limit the spending is that it may not be fair to the elderly when  there may be those who are really in great need of  support from the government .
We do know that the older population has a higher chance of facing illnesses and inconveniences in their physical movements .
Furthermore , based on the Census 2000 data , in Singapore , we have 14 percent of the elderly who only live with their spouses and 12 percent of the elderly do not live with their immediate family (citation , 2000) .
These elderly are facing problems in their lives .
In this case , they may not have the financial ability to take care of themselves without any help from the government .
Hence , it is the government's duty to  render the help to them instead of limiting the help they can receive .
However , I see the argument in another way .
The amount of money that the government can use for developments in other areas may not increase even after limiting the spending on elderly .
This is because in actual fact , the burden is shared by the families of the elderly as well as the government .
The government does not pay the full cost .
If we limit the amount the government pays , the additional cost falls on the shoulders of the family members which will then be shifted back to the government by the family in other means (Robert and Laura , 2005) .
Since no difference is expected , be it limiting the amount or not doing so , we should try to reduce the pressure that will be felt by the majorities in the future , such as having to pay for the high expenses for the elderly at home .
After looking at both sides , we can see that the older population is not a small group of people and the number will continue to increase in number in the future .
Thus , to cater to the needs of the older population , which may also be the largest group of people within the country in the future , it is best not to limit the amount .
Instead , keeping it flexible , such as to have it increased in times of great need will be a better choice .
Our society is aging .
The Madrid International Plan of Action on Ageing (2002) highlighted: "since year 1950 , the average life expectancy has increased by 20 years and is expected to extend a further 10 years by 2050" .
This increase in life expectancy has been said to be the result of better public health care and advances in medical care .
Governments , realizing that there will be profound consequences followed by this global demographic transformation , have now come out with different strategies and policies to ease the aging process .
Nevertheless , the effectiveness of current research and policies in helping to ease the aging process are doubted by the public .
In fact , it calls into the question whether the elderly really benefit from the policy implemented in the aspect of financial security , employment and living arrangements  .
In terms of economics , old age financial support is the government's main concern and therefore mechanisms that provide citizens with financial security in old age have been introduced .
For instance , the Central Provident Fund (CPF) , a comprehensive financial savings plan for the workers , has been implemented in Singapore .
Although the CPF was aimed to give security to the retired elderly by providing income to support their basic needs in old age ,  it has been accused for its deficiency .
Shantakumar (1999) , Asher (1996 and 1998) , Lee (1999 an 2001a) ,  pointed out the lack of universal coverage and the lack of adequacy of funds for retirement security in the CPF scheme , especially for the low-income elderly (as cited in David R . Phillips and Alfred C .M .
Chan , 2002) .
Along with the criticism , recent National Survey of Senior Citizens 2005 (Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , 2005) showed that only 41 .3 per cent of the elderly aged 55 and above had CPF savings and , of these , 61 .6 per cent felt that their CPF savings were inadequate .
Meanwhile , in a study by Asia Times Online (Megawati Wijaya , 2009) , it was shown that   less than 5% of the current elderly population rely on CPF disbursements for their livelihood .
All  these prove the failure of the CPF scheme in providing a secure future life for most of the elderly .
Report of the Second World Assembly on Ageing: Madrid Political Declaration and International Plan of Action 2002 .
(2002 , April 8-12) .
Retrieved September 14 , 2009 , from {http://daccessdds .un .org/doc/UNDOC/GEN/N02/397/51/PDF/N0239751 .pdf ?OpenElement}[HYPERLINK: http://daccessdds .un .org/doc/UNDOC/GEN/N02/397/51/PDF/N0239751 .pdf ?OpenElement]
Singapore to raise retirement age to 65 by 2012 .
(2007 , Aug 19) .
Retrieved September 14 , 2009 , from {http://business .inquirer .net/money/breakingnews/view/20070819-83520/Singapore-to-raise-retirement-age-to-65-by-2012}[HYPERLINK: http://business .inquirer .net/money/breakingnews/view/20070819-83520/Singapore-to-raise-retirement-age-to-65-by-2012]
Apart from that , the government's initiative in raising  retirement age is also seen to be not effective .
In Singapore , the retirement age for its citizens will be raised from 62 to 65 by 2012 and eventually to 67 along with the higher life expectancy of its ageing population (Reuters - The Inquirer , 2007) .
It is undeniable that by increasing the retirement age , the elderly will be able to accumulate wealth and eventually the strain on their finances  will be ease .
However , people should take note that the problem now is not about the mandatory retirement age of the elderly , but  the employability problem faced by the senior citizens .
Most of the elderly claimed that they could not find a job even though they have the willingness to extend their retirement age .
The National Survey of Senior Citizens 2005(Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , 2005) showed that among the current generation of the elderly , only 28 .2% of them are employed .
This data shows the seriousness of the employability problem among the senior citizens .
Therefore , unless the employability problem is resolved , the increase in the retirement age might worthnothing to most of the elderly that are now  unemployed .
Besides that , the a ttractive financial incentives for  co-residence with  parents which are introduced by the Singapore government have faced certain criticisms .
Inevitably , after the financial incentives such as tax reliefs and priority housing have been introduced , there are more adult children who live with , or nearby , their elderly parents .
However , the anncrease in  co-residences with  parents does not imply increase in the willingness of the children in taking care of their parents .
No one can guarantee that children who live nearby their parents will eventually take good care of them .
There are children who live nearby their parents just because of the attractive incentives .
As suggested in  Channel NewsAsia (Asha Popatlal , 2009) , there are more elderly citizens applying to the Tribunal for Maintenance of Parents over the last 12 months .
"From August 2008 to July this year , 172 people filed applications , much higher than the average of 100 in previous years" .
(citation) This figure shows that  the rate of co-residence increaseswith the cases of parental abuse .
Therefore , it is possible for people to remain dubious about the effectiveness of promoting co-residence in improving the quality of care of the elderly by the adult children .
Reference List
Asha Popatlal .
(2009 , Aug 19)  .172 file for parent maintenance in last 12 months .
Channel NewsAsia .
Retrieved September 14 , 2009 , from {http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/449852/1/ .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/449852/1/ .html]
David R . Phillips and Alfred C .M .
Chan (Eds) .
(2002) .
AGEING AND LONG-TERM CARE National Policies in the Asia- Pacific .
Singapore: Institute of Southeast Asian Studies .
Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports .
(2005) .
National Survey of Senior Citizens 2005 .
Retrieved September 14 , 2009 , from {http://www .mcys .gov .sg/MCDSFiles/Resource/Materials/NSSC%202005 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .mcys .gov .sg/MCDSFiles/Resource/Materials/NSSC%202005 .pdf]
Megawati Wijaya .
(2009 , Aug 27) .
Singapore faces a 'silver tsunami' .
Asia Times Online .
Retrieved September 14 , 2009 , from {http://www .atimes .com/atimes/Southeast_Asia/KH27Ae01 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .atimes .com/atimes/Southeast_Asia/KH27Ae01 .html]
''Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
''I  fully agreed with this statement .
Nowadays , a lot of countries are having aging problem , especially advanced counties like Japan , Sweden , Germany , Singapore and the United State of America .
This global aging is also starting to affect some developing nations such as Malaysia and Thailand .
According to the journals 'A Graying World' and 'Doomsday Predications about Population Aging Are Exaggerated' , the population of aged 65 and older is anticipated to more than double by year 2030 and furthermore median age in many first-world countries will reach between 52 to 54 by 2050 .If the fertility rates do not rise again , the problem will be worsened  .
Demographic changes due to growing aging population will have  serious consequences on health issues .
Governments are forced to spend more money to overcome them .
For instance , Singapore needs to restructure the whole health care system due to the aging population as mentioned by the Singapore Prime Minister .
However , the funds have to be used wisely and diverted to other fields of the country's development .
Firstly , governments have to continue to raise the retirement age in line with rising life expectancies .
The elderly are encouraged to work longer to accumulate more wealth ,  which could be used to support themselves .
Moreover , a tardy  fertility rate has increased the importance of having an workforce in the market .
They could help to boost  economic growth by being involved in different kind of sectors .
For some countries with little economic growth , the society faces few choices on how to care for those who are least able to care for themselves .
On the other hand , with sufficient economic growth there are more choices and fewer persons in need ( Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer ,2005 ) .
Secondly , money can be diverted to the education sector  .
Well educated people tend to have higher incomes and better health generally .
These people are not only helping the government to cut down expenditures on health care , but also helping the country to generate more income ,  as well as to stabilize the economy .
That is why a lot of countries are spending  a large portion in education .
To illustrate , education expenditures always occupy  a larger segment in the fiscal budget in Singapore and Malaysia .
Besides , public policies that encourage and facilitate education , basic research , and the application of promising technologies can enhance the well-being of current and future generations of older people ( Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer ,2005 ) .In other words , elites are able to invent more advanced technology to accelerate nationational development .
In a nut shell , every country needs to consider wisely about public spending on the aged .
Other fields of the country's development are important too .
Therefore , governments may have to choose the most sustainable and efficient way to plan for their national budgets .
Growing older is often associated with deteriorating health , economic declination and emotional problems .
Singapore has made legal amendments to improve state provisions which include social programmes for old age and sickness (Hort and Kuhnle , 2000; ISSA , 2004) .
These changes demonstrated how seriously the government has assumed its responsibility in managing its ageing population .
With population ageing being prioritised as a top national agenda , the aging process would certainly be eased substantially .
The Survey of Senior Citizens (1995) showed that although the health status among respondents aged 60 and older was generally good , more than 30 per cent have received treatments for some chronic illnesses .
The majority of respondents had little or no formal education .
About 25 per cent males and 69 per cent females  were never married ,  widowed or divorced .
Collectively , these findings suggest that the elderly must rely on others for financial and social support .
To provide a wide safety net , the government has implemented several national-level health insurance schemes such as Eldershield , which is targeted at the long-term care needs of individuals aged 40 and over (http://www .eldershield .com/eshield/jsp/abt_eldershield .jsp , accessed 13 September 2009) .
It provides cash benefits to the insured who cannot perform certain unaided activities .
In 2007 , the government announced a new potential Eldershield payout of $28 ,000 , instead of $18 ,000 for up to six years (The Straits Times , 2007) .
This money is meant to be used to pay for care-giving needs , such as nursing home care .
General practitioners and dentists also provide care to low-income elderly in their neighbourhood at subsidized rates , thus enabling eligible elderly to have access to care near their homes .
These private practitioners are reimbursed by the Ministry of Health .
With these measures in place , the elderly can be assured that they would be cared for and that health care would remain affordable .
Another policy is to ensure that Singaporeans are financially secure after retirement .
The Central Provident Fund (CPF) has been the state institution to provide economic support to older Singaporeans .
Currently , Singapore's CPF has the highest coverage of all retirement plans in Asia (Asher , 2006) .
In 2007 , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong announced that the age at which individuals can withdraw their minimum sums will be increased from 62 to 65 .
This move will increase the period of time for individual savings to last during retirement .
CPF LIFE was launched this month to provide Singaporeans a lifelong income into old age .
Members will receive a monthly income depending on the cash savings they have in their Retirement Account for as long as they live (http://mycpf .cpf .gov .sg/Members/Gen-Info/CPF_LIFE/CPF_LIFE .htm , accessed 14 September 2009) .
In addition , for individuals 62 and above , the Housing Development Board will buy back the lease of their apartment and provide a shorter lease of 30 years for the same flat .
There would be two payouts; a lump sum up front and monthly installments for the rest of the individual's life .
All these schemes ensure adults have at least a source of cash income available to them during old age .
However , the main source of financial and emotional support for older persons in Singapore still rests with the family .
Approximately 60 per cent of older adults live in households where other family members pay for all the expenses .
One-fifth of older adults are self sufficient and there is almost no dependence on welfare (Chan , 2001) .
Additionally , co-residence or living in close proximity to children remains the norm in Singapore .
Only 9 .3 per cent of the 60-plus lived alone or in other arrangements , and 5 .8 per cent lived only with their spouses .
The majority received financial or in-kind support from their children , if these were present (Yap , 2008) .
Existing policies would be rendered inadequate without the family being responsible for the care of its older members .
Nevertheless , filial obligation should be stressed .
The Government has introduced schemes to encourage Singaporeans to maintain their parents such as the legislation on filial piety , which is as the Maintenance of Parents Act (Vasoo , Ngiam , 2000) .
Under this scheme , elderly parents who have no other support can claim financial aid from their children .
Taxpayers who maintain their parents or grandparents in Singapore are also given income tax relief .
These social policies should be credited in helping the current generation of older adults cope with the emotional and behavourial challenges of the aging process .
At present , the Singapore government has taken a very proactive role in dealing with population ageing and various policies to enhance the quality of life of older people have been put in place .
However these remain works-in-progress and will continue to be developed in the years ahead .
The effectiveness and relevance of these policies should be evaluated regularly to provide an even better understanding of changing requirements and needs of the elderly .
An aging population has been talked about much in recent years .
Goh (2007) stated that countries like Singapore and Japan who face a fast aging population are expected to have a projected median age of 54 and 55 respectively .
Hauner , Leigh , and Skaarup (2007) believed that countries with a high and rising old-age dependency ratio will expect their age-related spending to escalate by 4 percentage point of their GDP (Gross Domestic Product) over the next 45 years .
As a result , governments and policy makers around the world are ready to set aside a larger portion of their countries' budget to cater for age-related spending , with healthcare for the elderly as most of their top priorities .
However , to avoid compromising the development of other sectors , it is essential for policy makers to limit  spending on the elderly by looking into viable alternatives .
Prime Minister Lee (2009) suggested that although it is the government's duty to look after the elderly , children should do their filial duty by taking care of their own parents .
However , some might argue that the burden of their own families and the high cost of living in Singapore make it hard for them to provide for their parents' living expenses .
While this may be true , it is still possible if these working adults can make adjustments to their lifestyles by cutting down on unnecessary expenses like the purchasing of luxury items .
This way , they are able to provide for their parents instead of abandoning them in a home or hospital .
Even though the government can look after the aged , Prime Minister Lee (2009) has pointed out that it is ultimately the warmth and love from the families that they need .
Majority of the elderly are not concerned with how much their children give them ; instead they are satisfied as long as their children are able to spend time with them and show their love and concern for them .
By taking care of their own parents , these working adults can be positive examples for their children .
Under the influence of their parents , these children will be more likely to follow in their footsteps and will voluntarily take care of them when they are old .
Therefore , it is highly encouraged that children should fulfil their filial duty by looking after and caring for their own parents .
Caryn Yeo (2008) .
Hong Kongers oppose 'Medisave' proposal .
Retrieved 16 September , 2009 , from {http://www .straitstimes .com/print/Free/Story/STIStory_233470 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .straitstimes .com/print/Free/Story/STIStory_233470 .html]
Hankyoreh (2008) .
Government slashes welfare spending .
Retrieved 16 September , 2009 , from {http://english .hani .co .kr/arti/english_edition/e_national/313603 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://english .hani .co .kr/arti/english_edition/e_national/313603 .html]
John C . Goodman and Matt Moore .
(2001) .
Government Spending on the Elderly: Social Security and Medicare .
Retrieved 16 September , 2009 , from {http://www .ncpa .org/pdfs/st247 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .ncpa .org/pdfs/st247 .pdf]
Chow (2008) proposed that mandatory medical savings scheme should be implemented in order to tackle the challenges of an aging population and the rising medical costs in Hong Kong .
Critics of this proposal have pointed out that the money set aside for this scheme will go to waste if the elderlypassed  away even before they can utilize them .
However , governments of many countries have urged that such saving scheme that offers health protection can be unpredictable .
By implementing a mandatory medical savings scheme , its contributors will have a ready sum of money to deal with any hefty medical cost which they may incur when they get older .
In this way , it minimizes the chances of them  being unable to afford their medical bills , and at the same time reduces the heavy burden on government subsidies .
The scheme provides not only protection for its contributors .
In addition , a substantial payout from the medical insurance will be awarded if he or she is to encounter any mishap  , of which   death or any form of disability would render the contributor being unable to work .
This ensures that the family is still able to sustain themselves financially in the event that the contributor is unable to provide for the family .
Hence , implementing a mandatory savings scheme is essential to its contributors , their families and the government .
Lee (2008) proposed the plan to limit social welfare spending in South Korea in order to invest in programs that will increase the country's economic growth .
At this point , one might wonder if this move will compromise the welfare of the society and the elderly  .
While this may be a problem , a potential growth in the country's economy will allow for even more funds to be made available for the area of social welfare in the future .
With a limited social welfare fund , people will rely lesser on the government and more on themselves .
Hence , it encourages them to work harder and save more in order to be better prepared for old age .
Furthermore , the limited spending on social welfare releases funds which can be diverted to other key sectors .
For example , these funds can be used in the research and development of  cures for terminal illnesses like cancer .
So , limiting spending on social welfare might just prove to be a feasible strategy which benefits the country in various aspects .
Countries with a fast aging population face an ongoing battle against the ever increasing welfare and health care costs .
It is therefore crucial that the governments and policy makers do not recklessly sink huge portion of their countries' spending on these areas .
Instead , they should be looking at viable solutions that do not compromise the development of the other sectors .
Therefore , a boundary to the spending on the elderly should be set in order to avoid increasing the burden on future generations and upsetting of the development of other key sectors as mentioned earlier .
Reference List:
Goh Chin Lian .
(2007) .
Singapore will have world's 4th oldest population by 2050 .
Retrieved 16 September , 2009 , from {http://app .mfa .gov .sg/pr/read_content .asp ?View ,8231}[HYPERLINK: http://app .mfa .gov .sg/pr/read_content .asp ?View ,8231] ,
David Hauner , Daniel Leigh , and Michael Skaarup .
(2007) .
Preparing for Jump in Age-Related Spending .
Retrieved 16 September , 2009 , from {http://www .imf .org/external/pubs/ft/survey/so/2007/POL1227A .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .imf .org/external/pubs/ft/survey/so/2007/POL1227A .htm]
Salma Khalik .
(2009) .
Govt may act against children who dump their elderly parents .
Retrieved 16 September , 2009 , from {http://www .straitstimes .com/STI/STIMEDIA/sp/nationaldayrally2009/090817_govt_may_act_against_children .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .straitstimes .com/STI/STIMEDIA/sp/nationaldayrally2009/090817_govt_may_act_against_children .html]
Asiaone .
(2009) .
Govt to push for filial piety: PM .
Retrieved 16 September , 2009 , from {http://health .asiaone .com/Health/News/Story/A1Story20090816-161409 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://health .asiaone .com/Health/News/Story/A1Story20090816-161409 .html]
"Until recently , the ills of old age interested only poets and philosophers .
However , this has changed because governments and policy makers in the developed world are now confronted with the unprecedented problem of a fast aging population"   (Peterson  , 2001) .
The aging population has become a major issue in many developed countries , including the United States , Japan and Singapore .
Increasing population of the aged created many problems on the society .
Clearly , both governments and the public are becoming more aware of this issue .
Governments in various countries have come up with different policies to address the problem of an increasingly aging population .
As the problem of the aging population worsens , governments have to spend increasing amount of money to counter the problem and at  the expense of other areas of the country's development .
It is important that governments take note of this and control their spending so as not to neglect  other more important areas such as  education and the economy .
Governments are stressing on filial obligation and hope to increase the willingness of tomorrow's grown children to support their own elderly parents .
However , such practices are not common .
It is crucial for the government to spend money on the aged  , as not doing so will lead to social problems .
Already , we are seeing a breakdown in extended families .
The young no longer see filial piety as being important .
The elderly who are unable to support themselves and are being abandoned by their children will have nowhere to turn to if the government turned its back on them .
This will lead to increased crime rates , begging and vagrancy in the country , which are harmful for society .
However , this is not the only area where government spending is required .
As countries spend more money  on the aged , other important sectors such as defense and education may get neglected and become under budgeted .
These sectors are as important as , if not more important than , spending on  an aging population .
For example ,  in an increasingly challenging global economy , it becomes increasingly important for countries to focus on education to maintain a skilled workforce .
An educated workforce increases productivity , which drives the economy  to increased wealth .
By increasing public spending on an aging population , governments risk overlooking other areas of the country's development  .
Moreover , healthcare cost has been increasing .
New technologies and treatments for the aged are relatively expensive .
Governments have been spending too much money on the subsidies to help the aging population .
People may take advantage of the the government subsidies to pay for  expensive new technologies which are not necessary .
Governments should specify the types of treatments that it considers essential and subsidise these treatment , while leaving non-essential treatment cost to be borne by the consumer .
Limiting public spending will make sure that government does not overspend on treatment that is not essential  , so that the money can be diverted to other areas .
It is important and  governments plan their finances well to benefit different sectors of the country .
Public spending is increasing rapidly with the growing aged population that governments are losing control of their spending .
Governments should adopt a wider perspective to ascertain whether the spending is necessary or  the money should be diverted to other areas .
Public spending should be controlled to establish a balanced outcome for both the young and the aged .
If the usage of public funds is not well balanced , it will not only affect the country's development , but also put the country's future into jeopardy .
On the other hand , there are also researches done on illnesses which most commonly affect the  aged .
Researches on healthcare are being done to help maintain or improve the health of the elderly .
Better solutions are hoped to be found in order to help the elderly with their health issues .
For instance , in the United Kingdom , researches on dementia are being done to find a better solution to cure the patients , who are mostly the  aged .
According to Rebecca Wood , the Chief Executive of the Alzheimer's Research Trust , the population living with dementia is forecast to double within a generation .
To help ensure less elderly from suffering from dementia in the future , researches are now being done by the UK .
Much investment have been put into this research to defeat this illness which is currently and will to continue to haunt the  aged .
Some may argue that these researches do not help to ease the aging process because most of the time and money are wasted as the proper solutions are never to be   .
But it is better to try rather than to allow the devastating disease continue to haunt  the older generations .
Besides researches and developments in the field of medicine , social policy also plays a  role in helping to ease the aging process .
Many countries have taken this step to  lighten the burden of the elderly  .
In Japan , the government has imposed the "National Pension Scheme" on all its citizens  .
In this scheme , a basic  pension is provided for all citizens who are above 65 years of age and have contributed for 25 years or more to the country .
This scheme is helpful in easing the burden of the elderly as it provides financial security for them .
The  aged can then be independent and they do not need to rely on their children for money .
The  aged can live a comfortable life without worrying or without seeking for financial aid  .
On the other hand , with these schemes , children need not do their duty to take care of their parents .
This may result in social problems in a country .
The younger generation will not be filial to their parents and will not bear the burden to take care of the older generation and will  push the burden onto the government .
Although such thoughts may arise ,  there are no better ways to guarantee a better life for the  aged .
Clearly , all these researches , developments and policies have helped the aging population to get a better life .
This effort should be continued  as this would guarantee the living standard of the  aged .
Thus , with the living standard of the elderly guaranteed , the social problems can also be avoided in a country .
In conclusion , the issue on the "graying world" can be solved and well taken care of if necessary steps are taken to prevent it .
Caring for the aged is definitely an act to be applauded for and encouraged .
Some might have the perception that caring for the aged is the theiresponsibility of the country .
Nothing could be further from the truth; to care for the aged is to be taken upon by respective dependants , such as their children .
In fact , the ideal situation would be that they should actually take the initiative to be responsible for their own welfare .
If the country were to spend its budget entirely caring for the aged , then many citizens would shove responsibilities and  would  not care for their own health , since the healthy , as represented by the country , would care for them .
While it is important to care for the aged , it is just as important to take into consideration and not neglect other areas of the country's development .
Thus public spending on the aged should be limited .
To rely on ourselves would still be the best option  .
For a start , prior planning is crucial  , when from young , one should  be  actively saving .
This would be  beneficial in the short run , when facing emergencies , or in the long run , when facing retirement .
Policies that encourage skills upgrading have also been introduced to enable the aged to re-enter the workforce .
This is further enhanced by incentives being offered to companies that hire them .
Instead of grieving with regrets of having to work after reaching the retirement age , they could actually be optimistic and take this as an opportunity to be active in the society  , where they could  establish friendships through interactions at work .
Not only could they be able to sustain living through earnings obtained from working , the aged could also keep a healthy mind and body .
Although it would be ideal if the government need not  be 'burdened' with expenses to care for the aged , it is not feasible .
There are those who are without any dependants and savings to see them through their retirement years .
In addition , it could also be dreadful for those who are not well equipped with education or skills to work and who really needs the country's help .
Even so , the country should not be obliged to care for them entirely .
Help given could be in many other forms instead of just monetary  .
With policies such as those that encourage the aged to acquire new skills , the government could also provide aid by compensating the loss in
income during that period of 'learning' .
Although help is given , it is not encouraged for the aged to continuously be reliant on it .
Instead , with the skills acquired , they should 'venture' out and earn a living of their own which would in turn reap many returns in both monetary  and health .
It is also true that  "work can help us stay physically active , mentally alert , socially connected and financially self-reliant" (Yap , 2009 , p . 7) .
Bibliography Yap , E . (2009) .
ADDING LIFE TO YEARS !
Happy , Healthy , Active Seniors .
Singapore: Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports .
A country always has to be ready to with any form of challenges .
One such challenge  would be the ageing population .
To find a solution to that problem , certain amount of the public spending has to be diverted to it .
However an ageing population is not the only concern of any government .
Therefore public spending on the aged should be limited to allow diversion of the funds to other areas of the country's development .
One of the reasons why public spending on the aged should be limited is due to the emergence of other better alternatives .
According to Robert B .Friedland and Laura Summer (2001) the working population would be able to share a large proportion of the responsibility , with the government taking care of the aged primarily .
One of such initiatives would be the baby bonus package which has been introduced in several countries .
In the case of Singapore , the government has increased the cash gift for the first two children from $300 to $400 .
This is one of the long term efforts that the government has decided to invest in so that their public spending on the aged would be reduced in years to come  , as the future working population starts to emerge .
Another temporary measure would be to increase the working population by encouraging immigration into the country .
Canada has experienced the highest per capita immigration rate in the world and expects an increase of 23 .1% of population growth over a period of 25 years (Wikipedia , 2009) .
An increase in the working population will then allow more resources to be channelled  to other areas which demand such funds .
This proves to be a better solution because it allows the government to limit the public spending and  fellow citizens to take responsibility .
This ageing population problem can be dealt with  by increasing the working population  , so that it could share the burden  of caring for the aged .
Public spending should also be limited because areas like R&D need more  funds to ensure constant progress of the nation .
Without a on spending the country would then experience a decline in economic growth .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
It is an ironic truth that Singapore is facing a demographic challenge as the population aged 65 and older is anticipated to more than double by the year 2030 .There is much concern about the current development and policies  , of which older people tend to be the principle beneficiaries .
Many policies such as  the Maintenance of Parent Act , Baby Bonus Scheme and later retirement agreement have helped to ease the aging process significantly .
Last but not least , an aging population brings about a shrinking workforce  and  a significant decline in real GDP .
The critical challenge of the government is to ensure the productivity of future workers .
The main root of this problem is because of low birth rate .
Modern parents prefer to have fewer children  , as compared to the past generation .
They claimed that the living cost now is very high and they could not ensure a quality life style with more children .
Therefore , the government introduces the Baby Bonus Scheme which lightens the financial cost of raising children .
The parents will get a cash gift of up to $4 ,000 each for their first and second child and $6 ,000 each for their third and forth child .
Furthermore , all the children born on or after 17 August 2008 will also enjoy government contributions in the form of a dollar-for-dollar matching  .
As a result , the birth rate increases from 2 .1% (2006) to 2 .55% (2008)  .
In a long run , it is believed that the Baby Bonus Scheme would increase the population  .
With the implementation of the Maintenance of Parents Act in Singapore , it is arguable that the younger generations are not only morally responsible for , but also compelled to taking care of their aged parents  .
However , the low fertility rate in Singapore challenges this argument because the financial burden resulting from the provision of aged parents is currently increasing on  fewer offspring .
It is definitely taxing for an only child to bear the financial cost of his orher parents .
Moreover , the rising cost of  healthcare  adds  further strains to the limited income of the younger generation , which often lead to  children being unable to fend for their parents and thus abandoning  them .
This is  shown in year 2008 , in which approximately 172 senior citizens  filed applications to the tribunal against their children (Wijaya , 2009 , ) .)
Hence , this shows that even with current government assistance such as healthcare subsidies and tax reliefs , , the low fertility rate in Singapore continues to urge the government toc speng on the aged in order to meet the needs ofane ageing society .
Singapore is a well-established country  with advanced healthcare facilities .
Many perceive the current public spending  on the development of healthcare facilities as being sufficient to meet the ageing demands .
However , this is often not the case .
Singapore faces a sharp shortage of medical specialists in the areas of geriatric field and palliative care and to the extent of importing foreign nurses into the medical industry .
This implies that the government has to invest more on training local medical specialists in these fields to meet the growing ageing needsand thus , more expenditure is required .
Furthermore , hospitals are constantly facing  shortages of beds and long average waiting time; the major factor of this problem is the geriatric patients .
The geriatric patients are often the ones who occupy the majority of  hospital bed space and they suffered from chronic illnesses that require regular follow-up consultations .
Therefore , in the recent 2009 National Day Rally speech , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong emphasized the need for step-down care such as  more community hospitals , day-care centres as well as nursing homes .
In this way , more competent healthcare is provided satisfy the  demands , since geriatric patients can receive treatment in acute hospitals and then recuperate in the community hospitals .
Therefore , the development of healthcare facilities to meet growing ageing demands would inevitably raise public expenditure on the aged .
All in all , it has become a fact that Singapore is currently facing a rapidly ageing population   .
Many problems will arise should public spending on the aged be limited and this include  increased financial burden on the fewer offsprings , insufficient funds for rising healthcare development costs and weakened economic competiveness . 
Bibliography
Harper , S . (2006 , October) .
Ageing Repositioned: Singapore in the New Global Demography .
Centre For Governance And Leadership , Research & Publications .
Available: http://www .cscollege .gov .sg/cgl/pub_ethos_1g1 .htm .
National Day Rally Speech part 2 - Healthcare .
(2009 , August 16) .
Asiaone .
Available: http://www .asiaone .com/print/News/AsiaOne%2BNews/Singapore/Story/A1Story2009 0816-161435 .html .
Statistics Singapore .
(2008) .
Key Annual Indicators: Resident Population Profile .
Available: http://www .singstat .gov .sg/stats/keyind .html#keyind .
Last accessed 12 August 2009
Wijaya , M . (2009 , August 27) .
Singapore faces 'silver tsunami' .
Asia Times .
Available: http://yoursdp .org/index .php/news/singapore/2733-singapore- faces-silver-tsunami .
Last accessed 2 September 2009
On November 13 , 2006 , the Prime Minister of Singapore ,  Lee , said in a speech: "Singapore has treated social welfare as a dirty word .
The opposition and the Worker's Party have called for a permanent unconditional needs-based welfare system .
I think that is an even dirtier five words ."
In Hong Kong , welfare is seen as an individual's responsibility and the government will only step in to help those who are proven incapable of helping themselves (South China Morning , January 13 , 2007) .
The four economies in East Asia--- Singapore , Hong Kong , Taiwan , and South Korea have taken the approach to being a 'light welfare state' , in which they have achieved high standard of living without burdening the state with heavy social expenditures (Midgley , 1986) .
In contrast , the western welfare states that fund heavily on social expenditure have hindered the functioning of the private market .
Public spending on the aged should be limited to avoid heavy social expenditures and money can therefore be diverted to other areas for the country's development .
The old age dependency ratio is estimated to increase with longevity and the decline of fertility .
With no limits set on the expenditure of welfare for the aged , a country  will face enormous financial burdens in the funding of the public pension system , expensive healthcare system and long-term dependency expenditures .
The higher the expenditure of a country's welfare , the higher the tax rate will be to finance it .
It may undermine investors' incentive to invest .
Currently Japan is facing financial difficulties in gathering funds for their National Pension and Employee's pension insurance .
The Japanese government is now emphasizing on achieving economic growth rather than increasing welfare expenditures to support its growing aging society .
The Hong Kong government reluctantly implemented deficit financing from 1998 to 2004 to meet the growing expenditures of caring for the aged .
It is estimated that if the deficit budget continued , Hong Kong's $369 billion fiscal reserves would be wiped out by 2008-2009 (South China Morning Post , February 23 , 2002) .
Instead of limitless spending on the aged , funds should be diverted to develop economic growth , and in turn use the revenues gained to finance aging welfare .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited  to curb heavy financial expenditures , and t 'welfare diseases' that would undermine any incentive to work .
It will not be a feasible plan to drain  money from national reserves to fill up a bottomless pit .
Money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development to earn revenues in order to support the aging population .
The responsibilities of caring for the aged are divided  between the private and family sector to lessen the burden on the state .
Help is readily available to those who are incapable of providing for themselves .
In conclusion , I agree to a large extent that  government policies that have been implemented  helped to alleviate the aging process .
Developments in the future will be expected to be much  better , and though aging process is inevitableits inconveniences  can  be minimized  .
To ease the aging process , the governments have to put in a great effort in the research of medicine to provide the best treatment for the aged .
Since there is an obvious advancement in technology when compared to previous years , there are more inventions in medicine and equipment to treat  illnesses .
However , some people may think that the aged will not be able to afford  the treatment  as better equipment and treatments will increase the cost  .
To prevent such a situatio from happening , governments have introduced  insurance schemes to reduce the cost of treatment .
For example , the Singapore government has introduced the CPF Medisave Scheme and Medishield Scheme which can cover part of the treatment fees: the patient need not pay any fees for outpatient treatments and Medishield will pay 80% of the actual expenditure up to the claimable limit .
Through this , government ensures that the aged get the proper treatments to reduce their sufferings  .
Thus far , The governmenthas introduced some new economic policies  to ease the aging process .
This includes lengthening the age of retirement  , so that the aged have longer working lives (Peterson , 2001) so that they can earn more money when they are still working to support themselves .
The strategy of lowering the barriers to elder employment is effective in increasing the rate of employment among the aged .
However , some people may think that the aged is a burden to  society as they believe that the physical condition of the aged cannot cope with the development of the country .
While this may be true ,  facts have shown that the aged can still contribute to the economy as they have more experiences when compared to the others .
They share their experiences with the young and this can help to improve the economy of the country .
The government  could use the money to help the  aged and ease the aging process .
In addition , community centers or community clubs have their policies to ease the aging process  .
For instance , An Area Agency on Aging (AAA) is designated in each of New Jersey's 21 counties to serve as the primary entity responsible for developing comprehensive , coordinated systems of community-based services for the aged .
It analyses the needs and existing services within the county and prepares a comprehensive plan for the delivery of services to the aged .
The community centers organize  activities such as performances , games and feasts to help them feel less lonely , cheer them up and make them happy and this has eased the aging process in the society .
There are also many enthusiasts and volunteers in the society who are willing to spend their time accompanying  the aged  , as they know that they can give mental support to the aged .
Peterson (2001) mentions that  aging process in a country will cause a shrinking workforce , long-term stagnation and decrease in real GDP .
As a result , the whole societ ,including the aged , will face a lot of problems as some of them are still seeking aid from the government .
Leaders of countries must rise above ideology and engage  practical realities to cope with the problem of a fast aging population .
Therefore , governments and policy makers have implemented some  policies  in easing the aging process  .
by doing this , governments can ensure the development of their countries and provide a better living environment  to all their people  .
For a country to do well , the government has to ensure that all areas of its development are well funded .
Healthcare , military , education , and research and development are just some of the key areas affecting a country's development .
With so many issues to be considered , it is certain that the funding available will never be sufficient .
Thus , it has always been a tough choice for the government to decide how much budget should be spent on the various areas of the country's development .
In recent years , the increasing severity of the aging problem has brought about yet another problem that requires action to be taken promptly .
One of the most direct solutions to the aging problem is to allow more public spending on the aged .
However , with the limited budget the country has , it is essential that the more important priorities are first taken care of before large scale policies are implemented to help the aged .
Secondly , the government should allocate its available resources wisely so as to obtain the most effective use of them .
To achieve this , money has to be channelled into  research and development  instead of spending excessively on the aged .
By doing so , our country will be able to progress more quickly .
New technologies and more efficient production methods will be discovered .
With these , the country will be well-equipped to ensure  sustained economic growth and to head towards a prosperous and progressive nation .
No doubt , some may argue that the nation should always show its gratitude to the elders of the nation by making sure that they are well taken care of .
However , if the country were to divert most of its public spending to the aged now , it is almost certain that it will face an arduous problem in the near future .
Neglecting the other areas of the country's development will hinder its progress and lead to limited economic growth and thus  a shrinking budget .
As mentioned by Friedland and Summer (2005) in "Doomsday Predictions about Population Aging Are Exaggerated" , with little economic growth , there are fewer choices about how to care for the elderly thus intensifying the problem on hand .
Therefore , it is  essential to ensure  healthy economic growth as it will provide many alternatives to the problems Singaporefaces .
As can be seen from the above arguments , due to the limited resources available , and the ever growing number of issues that need to be tended to , it is impossible to ensure that all areas of Singapore's development are well funded .
Thus , the government has to prioritize and allocate  resources wisely so that the goals of having a stable and prosperous nation can be achieved . .
With more emphasis placed on healthcare by governments today and the advancement of  medical technology , people get to live longer .
Cancers are not as deadly as in the past and new vaccines are constantly being developed .
People , including the elderly , are made less vulnerable to  diseases , and in a way , people become biologically stronger .
This also means an increase in the productivity of the aged physically .
McClatchy Newspapers (2008 , October 20) suggested that with the miracle of modern medicine , 60 might be the new 40 .
However , most treatments do not come cheap and chronic illnesses , especially , take a toll on their finances as people live longer .
"One hospitalisation , for example , a stroke can set you back  tens of thousands of dollars ," as stated by Associate Professor Paulin Straughan , sociologist , National University of Singapore in Channel NewsAsia (2009 , August 19) .
In fact , most elderly are not rich and many cannot afford the treatments .
Friedland and Summer highlighted that some segments of the aged population might be overlooked and remain very vulnerable .
For this group of people , most governments intervene to help  subsidise  treatments they genuinely need .
5 .R .
B . Friedland and L . Summer .
Doomsday Predications about Population Aging Are Exaggerated
Modern governments promise old age security , which ensures that their citizens can fend for themselves during old age .
The approaches , however , may vary from society to society .
In some like The United Kingdom and Canada , government pensions are distributed to the elderly .
In some others such as Singapore , the people are compelled to provide in advance for their old age  .
Some societies have laws in place to enforce children to take care of elderly parents .
For example , in Singapore , elderly parents may file in  court if their children do not provide for them .
However , there are various financial concerns about these methods .
In the case of government pensions , the heavy spending of public funds on the  aged may take a toll on other areas of the nation's development .
Thus a method that works in one society may not work in another and sometimes , multiple approaches have to be taken .
The aging process has been eased with the modernization of our society as better healthcare technology and government welfare are available to serve the elderly .
However , this revolution has generated a rising aging population which may be a problem to all levels of the society .
Governments in developed countries should look beyond temporary solutions to the rising aging population and focus on getting people to reproduce .
While there are initiatives like maternity welfare and the baby bonus to encourage reproduction ,  more can be done  for the better .
Reference
1 .Channel Newsasia (2009 , August 19) .
Social sector wants govt to move beyond law for parent maintenance .
2 .McClatchy Newspapers (2008) .
Who you callin' old ?
60 is the new 40 .
Retrieved September 16 , 2009 , from http://www .catholic .org/hf/health/story .php ?id=30140  .
3 .Peter G . Peterson .
A Graying World
4 .R .
B . Friedland and L . Summer (2005) .
Demography Is Not Destiny , Revisited
Many people have argued that public spending on the aged is a must for countries facing the problem of an aging population as an ageing population has dire social , economical and cultural consequences on the country .
True as it seems , the question posed here is how  should  the government allocate its resources to cope with this problem .
As the saying goes , 'Give the man a fish and feed him for a day , teach the man to fish and feed him for a lifetime' .
Therefore , the use of the country's resources should be well diversified to different areas of the country's development so that no one area is compromised on .
With  elderly care hugely subsidized by the government , the aged will tend to be reliant on the government  providing for their old age .
This has caused the aged to be heavily dependent on the government and thus has developed a negative practice of the aged not saving for their own retirement .
It may be argued that the money which is not saved for retirement can be better spent elsewhere .
Adam Smith argues in his book Wealth of Nations that 'each individual is continually exerting himself to find out the most advantageous employment of whatever capital he can command' .
Although it is argued that the 'extra money' that the elderly possess will be better spent elsewhere , it may not be spent in the most efficient way possible .
Adam Smith also points out that individuals will act in their own advantage , not that of the society .
Therefore , the 'extra money' that the elderly possess at the expense of the government may not result in the most efficient allocation of resources .
With more money from public spending spent on the aged , this also means that there  is less money for the  other areas of development in the country .
Other areas of development that will increase the economic growth of the country will then be compromised .
One justification for economic growth is that with little economic growth , society faces fewer choices on how to care for those who are least able to care for themselves (Friedland and Summer , 2005) .
Critics of this position point out that when more money is spent on the aged , it  generates economic growth .
With better and more affordable healthcare services provided for  , the elderly can be healthier and more economically productive .
This will allow the elderly to be able to work for longer  and delay their retirement .
This will then increase the labour force of the country and result in economic growth .
However , this growth is limited .
There is a limit to the economic growth brought about by delaying the retirement age of the elderly .
Therefore , government resources should be allocated to areas of development that will generate potential economic growth which can be sustained .
This includes Research and Development (R&D) where more efficient healthcare methods can be devised .
By designating the role of the caregiver of the elderly to the government , "Asian values" such as filial piety will be eroded as children may shed the responsibility of taking care of their parents to the government .
It may be objected that these values are innate to one's identity and are not easily influenced or changed by other factors .
However , real life scenarios do actually show that these values can be influenced or eroded .
In Singapore , one is compelled to undertake the role of the caregiver and this  is backed up with law of maintenance of parent's act to ensure one fulfills one's filial obligations .
It is true that there are multiple advantages supporting public spending on the aged .
But in view of the many problems that a country would face if large amount of public spending are spent on the aged , it is only wise that the government  diversifies its public spending to other areas of development and strikes a balance among the other priorities .
The growing number of ageing population is an inevitable issue worldwide , especially in developed countries (Peterson , Fall 2001) .
Technological advancement enables humans to live longer .
On the other hand , the younger generation are chasing after 'an individualistic and 'live life to the fullest' lifestyle . .
This new generation would have the perception of enjoying life and not having family and children because they see it as a burden .
In the long run , this will translate into a low fertility rate in the country .
In the case of Singapore , the growing elderly population should not be accompanied by restrictions in public spending on the aged , which may come in the form of pension schemes , medical insurance , healthcare benefits and disability allowance .
This paper recommends that public spending on the elderly should not be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
This is because the current benefits that are provided for the elderly are still inadequate .
In terms of welfare and poverty ,  less than 5% of households in the low income group  are beneficiaries of the state-funded system .
Only 0 .07% received public assistance in 2004 (Asher & Nandy , 2008) .
If public spending on low income groups is limited , there would be fewer elderly who could benefit from government aid .
Therefore , an increase in social disparity and healthcare problems would be an issue for the country .
Although public spending on the elderly is an endless process as they don't generate much productivity to the country , social responsibility as a nation needs to be promoted . .
There are many elderly people who are unable to support themselves and have to take up jobs like road sweeping and toilet cleaning .
Original: Moody , Harry R . (2006) .
5th Edition .
Ageing Concepts and Controversies .
Pine Forge Press .
Secondary:
Google Books .
Ageing Concepts and Controversies .
http://books .google .com .my/books ?id=OXS8XBwP0coC&pg=PA323&lpg=PA323&dq=why+shouldn't+limit+public+spending+on+elderly&source=bl&ots=syVTEELWyu&sig=MgENUgaEtI4yUs5BgRQeMum-kJc&hl=en&ei=NVSuSq7eNNGXkAXcleCVBg&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=5#v=onepage&q=why%20shouldn't%20limit%20public%20spending%20on%20elderly&f=false
Peterson , Peter G . (Fall 2001) .
A Graying World .
Harvard International Review .
Social Sector wants Govt to Move Beyond Law for Parent Maintenance (2009 , 19 August) Channel NewsAsia .
In summary the government should not limit  public spending on the elderly and divert it to other areas of the country's development .
This is due to the ascending numbers of elderly in the coming years that need to be dealt with (Friedland & Summer , 2005) .
These elderly were once the people who helped in building up the nation and the government should show their compassion and care for this vulnerable group by not restricting public spending on them .
It is vital that the expenditure on the elderly is delegated according to their needs so that wastage can be avoided .
Hence , more elderly people can benefit through this act and it would not be seen as wastage of the country's funds .
Reference
Anand , Sameera .
(2009 , September 9) .
Singapore Ranks Third-most Competitive Economy in the World .
Retrieved September 11 , 2009 , from http://www .financeasia .com/article .aspx ?CIaNID=112098
Original:
Asher , Mukul G . , & Nandy , Amarendu .
(2008) .
Singapore's Policy .
LKY School of Public Policy , National University of Singapore Secondary: Lee , Mathia .
(2009 , July 20) .
Singapore's Policy Responses to Ageing , Inequality and Poverty .
http://mathialee .wordpress .com/2009/07/30/singapores-policy-responses-to-ageing-inequality-and-poverty  .
Friedland , Robert B . , & Summer , Laura .
(2005 , March) .
Demography Is Not Destiny , Revisited .
The aging processes in Singapore with its ensuing serious impacts , has caught people's attention . .
The aging process requires special attention because due to the low birth rate , Singapore has became an aging country with a large fraction of its population being aged .
The government is currently carrying out research and implementing policies to help to ease the aging process for both the elderly and the country .
Researchers are mainly focusing on healthcare and infrastructure .
The former involves finding out the types of age-related illness that are likely to arise when people reach a certain age and measures that can be taken to reduce the occurrence of the illnesses .
The latter involves developing public facilities that cater to the needs of the elderly who are physically weak .
Besides that , various policies have also been introduced to aid the elderly .
These policies include granting subsidies that help to reduce the high cost of living , various HDB schemes to encourages children to live close to their parents as well as the upgrading of housing estate for the elderly .
The research and policies that have been continuously implemented for the aged in Singapore have worked well because of the pragmatic approach that has been taken .
Therefore , although all these approaches have  only provided limited ways of easing the aging process , they still offer a feasible and practical approach  .
Only a small group of the aging population faces these limitations and the government may also come out with other policies to solve these problems so that the approach implemented can be workable without any flaws and limitations .
Besides relying on the government , Singaporeans must also pay attention to the aging issue and help to play a part in reducing elderly dependence on the government .
For instance , they can help to take care of their aged parents ,or be a volunteer to contribute to a society that is gradually aging  .
People must put themselves in elderly people'sshoes and realize that one day they will also be aged and  need the support of their children and others .
It is believed strongly that one will be repaid for their kindness in treating others well .
Likewise , , peoplemay receive the same treatment  .
Firstly , despite the fact that the CPF is a flexible scheme to enforce savings for individuals , it has shown signs of weakness and has been seen as being insufficient to last for one's retirement years (Tsao , 2008) .
One of the fundamental reasons for insufficient funds in one's CPF is the need of the population to finance their public housing  .
Additionally , it is especially hard for elderly people  ,whose wages were low during the early 60s and 70s , to keep up with the rising cost of living (Burton , 2007) .
Furthermore , the CPF does not protect certain segments of the population who were not able to work and save during their younger days .
For instance ,  housewives were not able to contribute to their Medisave because they had to raise their family and chose not to work as a result .
In fact , Medisave will provide little or no protection for them in the event of illness .
Eventually , this does not only burden the aged with insufficient funds to support their medical expenditures but it also strains the relationship with their children as they need to provide more monetary contributions to their parents .
These reasons continue to urge the government to expand  public spending on the aged so as to sustain the needs and livelihood of the aged within the population .
Secondly , while the government has emphasized the concept of filial obligations in children , the underlying truth is that children are going through a hard time trying to provide for their elderly parents sufficiently throughout their retirement years .
In a survey , it was reported that 66 .0% of senior citizens aged 55 and above were provided with a regular cash contribution from their children .
Additionally , it has been shown that  dependence on children to finance their healthcare expenditure increased with age and only 35 .8% of senior citizens aged 55 and above have a clean bill of health (Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports [MCYS] , 2005) .
In other words , most elderly people are rather dependent on their children to support them , particularly those who suffer from chronic illnesses .
This dependence is coupled with rising health care costs that is taking a toll on their children's finances .
Besides , the decline in the number of children supporting elderly parents due to smaller family sizes ,puts further strain on  children (Wijaya , 2009) .
Therefore , the government ought to increase its public spending to assist and ease the strain of the children supporting their aged parents .
On the whole , as Singapore's population ages rapidly , it accentuates the need to increase  public spending on the aged in order to meet greater healthcare demands and the rising cost of living .
As discussed earlier  ,  rising healthcare costs coupled with longer living parents puts pressure on  cash-strapped children to provide for their elderly parents .
Apart from that , the aged are also burdened by  inadequate funds in their CPF accounts due to various reasons . .
In short , the aged need more financial help from the government so as to ease the strain on the elderly as well as their children .
Nowadays , the aging population is increasing and the problem is  more serious .
In  2008 , the proportion of the elderly in Singapore was 8 .6% and it is estimated that the proportion of the elderly in  2003 will increase to 18 .7% .
From another perspective , an increase in the aging population will lead to an increase in  government spending on the elderly .
According to statistics , the elderly dependency ratio in Singapore is 11 .9 per 100 in 2008 .
However , public spending on  senior citizens should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development such as taking care of the needy , the unfortunate , the young and infrastructure .
Public funds that are saved can be used to develop the economy because economic growth will increase the  standard of living .
However , resources are limited .
The government cannot choose to develop everything because of the scarcity of resources , such as land , funds and workers .
Therefore , the government has to choose the most beneficial areas to invest in .
In addition , the government can also invest in areas where  profit and social welfare can be improved so that the  standard of living will be increased .
For example , investment will bring more job opportunities to the market due to the economic growth .
Therefore ,  citizens have more job options and find it easier to be hired .
Moreover ,  citizens can request  higher salaries as the economy has improved .
Higher salaries will encourage citizens to purchase more goods .
Therefore , the  standard of living will be much better compared to the past .
Accumulated public funds can be used to finance research and development .
Research and development is needed to discover new products and processes or to improve existing ones .
New products and technology will benefit  citizens by giving them satisfaction and convenience .
For example ,  new  medicines for the elderly to improve health , electronic wheelchairs for handicapped people and robots to take care of the children and elderly .
Moreover , some of the research and development is not only beneficial to the economy , but is also environmentally friendly .
Solar power is an example of environmentally friendly technology .
Solar power is an energy source obtainable by converting sunlight into electricity using photocells .
Therefore , environmental pollution can be lessened by reduced fuel usage . .
Have you ever asked yourself , How will we live in the old age ?
Who will take care of us ?
Our descendants , ourselves or the government Nowadays , more and more people have to concern themselves with these questions as the fast aging population is becoming a serious problem  which many countries are confronted with .
In my opinion , because there are a lot of effective methods to solve the agingproblem , except for medical and welfare programs , the government should limit spending on the aging population in order to develop other areas .
Firstly , public spending diverted from the aged to other important areas of the country's development can contribute to promote economic growth .
When the economy grows , fewer old persons need to be helped because of the following reasons .
The first point that should be taken into consideration is that the more economic growth there is , the more chances the elderly have to find jobs .
As a result , they can cover their everyday needs by themselves .
Moreover , with sufficient economic growth , more services are supplied to care for the old .
For example , people can invite nurses to their homes to look after their old parents everyday , or the elderly can live in rest homes with creature comforts and a lot of care .
So , to ease the aging problem , economic growth should be accentuated .
Last but not least , reducing public spending on the aged helps to stress filial obligation .
Because few medical and welfare programs are launched when government expenditure on the aging populationdecreases  , many people may have not enough money to send their old parents to rest homes .
They have to spend more time taking care of their parents by themselves .
So , there are more opportunities for descendants to express their love and gratitude to their parents and grandparents .
As a result , family sentiment is enhanced significantly within societyin society
In conclusion , because of enhanced economic growth , ensuring better lives for future generations of older people and stressing filial obligation , limiting public spending on the aged in order to invest in other  areas of the country's development is a good approach to solve the global aging problem .
In order to make the most of the limited budget for the aging population , the government should concentrate on supporting people who really need aid such as older single women .
An aging population is a common situation in many developed countries .
With the number of elderly increasing rapidly there are numerous problems like deterioration of health .
There is a need for governments to focus on these problems , in order to improve the welfare of the aged .
However , this may lead to an issue of whether the governments should limit their public fund on the aged .
One argument is that , instead of limiting spending , it is morally right to spend money on the aged who contributed most of their life to nation building .
The public funding spent on the construction of medical infrastructure as well as the building of elderly friendly houses are beneficial to all  human beings .
The reason is that the process of aging occurs to everyone .
It is just a matter of time .
Since there is no way to escape aging , the government needs to pay a lot of pay a lot of attention to the issues relating to aging .
During the Singapore national day rally , Prime Minster Lim Hsien Loong pointed out the need to improve the health care system for the aged .
There is a need to make health care more accessible and affordable to the aged .
Therefore , the government has implemented the three M policies -Medifund , MediShield and Medicsave .
In addition , the government is focusing on  care too .
For example , the co-operation between the Changi general hospital and St Andrew's community health care .
These measures help to reduce expensive medical fees for the aged as well as catering to the needs of the elderly .
These measures will benefit the younger citizens in times to come .
Therefore , it is rather wiser to focus on the aging issue and solve it before it backfires .
On the other side of the coin , if the needs of the elderly are well taken care off , they will still be capable of contributing to society .
The elderly bring years of knowledge , experiences and business contacts with them .
They are just like encyclopedias which provide wise advice for the younger worker who may not be experienced .
In acting as the role of advisor , they will help the company to progress economically .
For example , Lee Kuan Yew , Minister Mentor of Singapore , is still active in politics by advising young politicians .
The requirement for Mr . Lee to remain active in politics is good health .
Thus , it is crucial for the government to spend more public funds in dealing with medical problems of the aged .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should not be limited .
Critics may argue that other areas such as education require public funding as well .
I agree that other areas do need public funding , and indeed money has to be spent on it .
However , a developed country will have the ability to take care of all the areas .
Moreover , by taking care of the aged , it will portray the country to be a gracious and caring nation .
This positive impression will in turns attract foreigners to choose the country as a destination for pleasure .
This will benefit the country economically .
An aging population is a problem affecting many global countries .
With an increasing aging population , countries will face lower productivity and increased social and health care costs .
Therefore , part of public spending should be placed on the interest of the elderly and the rest should be diverted to other areas of the country's development to help boost economic growth .
First and forth most , education is one of the aspects that could greatly help to boost a country's economy .
Though it is a long term investment which takes many years to  help generate income for the country ,  it is definitely worth the investment .
When the government steps in to provide subsidies for eligible students to further their education , the country has a population with higher qualifications as it covers more of those less fortunate families who could not afford the huge amount of school fees  .
Next , research and development is another important aspect that could help boost a country's economy .
For example , the European Commission has contributed 2 billion to ICT research projects as ICT is one of the areas that underpin Europe's economic performance and it is pivotal to its economic growth (Europe's Information Society , 2008) .
It is stated in the article that "it is essential to have continuous investment in research and development when  difficult policy decisions to support the real economy worldwide" (Europe's Information Society , 2008) .
Another example , 2 .4% of Singapore's GDP; amounting to 3 billion euros , is spent on research and development (Gafoor , 2008) .
Nevertheless , Singapore is planning to increase its spending to 6 .8 billion euros by 2010 and targets to spend 3% of their GDP (Gafoor , 2008) .
The main objective of the investment is to build knowledge in three areas; bio-technology , environmental technology , and digital media and information technology , for the rapid growth in Asia .
Last but not least , business opportunities can be created with government effort .
A well constructed environment where visitors enjoy good Internet connectivity and teleconferencing facilities in most hotels , convention halls and exhibition venues , opens up the opportunity to attract local and foreign corporations .
For example , Singapore put a lot of effort inton constructing a place for business travellersOne of their notable examples is the Novotel Clarke Quay Singapore , which is an ideal venue to hold MICE events that had just recently renovated its facilities (Uniquely Singapore , 2006) .
Thus , in  2006 , Singapore won the award of 'The Corporate Meeting of The Year' (Uniquely Singapore , 2006) .
This Award helped to enhance Singapore hotel positioning as a venue for business travellers and MICE events (Uniquely Singapore , 2006) .
Coupled with a good education systemand powerful research and development ,  creating business opportunities is  part of the key to attracting more businesses and foreign talents into a country , as people are always interested in working in a vibrant country .
By doing so , a country's development will be improved as there is circulation of wealth when trading is performed .
On the other hand , if most  public spending is used on easing the aging process , it will slow down economic growth because it's more of a cost than income for the country .
The cost of  more suitable healthcare , infrastructure , transportation , housing , pensions and financial aid for the elderly is necessary to help ease the aging process However , spending should be limited as the  health and economic value of the elderly decline , and emotional and social problems increase .
This is because in the long run , if most money is spent on accommodating the older population , there will be little economic growth , and society will face  fewer choices on how to care for those in need (Robert & Summer , 2005) .
On the other hand , with sufficient economic growth , there will be more choices available to help those in need and there will also be fewer persons in need (Robert & Summer , 2005) .
In addition , governments will be able to ensure the continuation of welfare programmes for the elderly .
It is widely known that the source of the government's money comes from the citizens .
Where is all the money invested ?
It has always been for the development of Singapore and its people .
However , Singapore is faced with an inevitable crisis: a growing aging population that is affecting the country's economy (Lee , 2008) because of the assistance the government has to render for the elderly .
The elderly have been perceived as the nation's burden .
Should the government pay more attention to a specific group when their children are financially stable and forsake the country's future ?
Hence , it can be argued that the government should limit their expenditure on the elderly so that money can be directed to other aspects of the country's development .
On the contrary , the elderly need the government to support them and the government should do so .
This is because the elderly do not have the capability to work and fend for themselves .
The cost of medical and healthcare is increasing and this causes problems for families especially those earning a low income .
The cost of living in Singapore is high such that children have resorted to abandoning their parents .
It is the responsibility of the government to take care of and ensure that their citizens are not suffering and to ease their plight , especially in times of recession .
The elderly have played their part in their younger days by paying for taxes and it is only reasonable for the government to repay them .
With the inflating cost of health care in Singapore , the government cannot avoid implementing schemes such as Medisave and Medishield .
However , Singapore should not be dependent on the government for fiscal aid .
In the context of the elderly , the reason why the government has to spend a lot of money on them is due to the fact that children nowadays are abandoning their parents either in hospitals or old folk homes .
Why are children doing so ?
Burress (2007) argues that we should care for our parents and shower them with undivided love and attention because we will want the love and care when we are in our golden years .
However , unpleasant and traumatic experiences from childhood may be the reasons that push children to desert their parents .
The children now hold a grudge against the parents and refuse to provide for them now that they are grown up .
However , not all parents are like that .
Children have an unprecedented obligation to care for their own parents .
They have cared for us when we were young .
Looking back and considering living conditions in the past , the sacrifices they made then are no match for anything we would ever do in the present .
The value of filial piety has no significant meaning in Singapore's "individualistic world view ," as mentioned by Assistant Professor Joonmo Son from National University of Singapore (cited in Liew , 2009) .
However , the children have to realise that  not assuming their responsibilities to care for their parents , affects the whole society .
Tax prices may need to be increased to meet the needs of providing financial aid for the aged .
The elderly should also consider ageing actively and with dignity .
They should not be too reliant on the government or their children for help .
Instead , they should look for avenues which allow them to maximise their abilities and talents in their golden years .
For example , the Council for Third Age is an organisation that strives for "an active ageing culture" (Active Ageing , 2009) .
This is achieved through events that allow the elderly to organise activities for themselves .
Additionally , the Council organises Grandparents Day to "celebrate and honour" (Active Ageing , 2009) our grandparents for their significant contributions for us .
With this , hopefully our elderly could regain a positive light in life and have a circle of friends whom they can trust and depend on .
Moreover , they should try and find means of working part-time jobs that are suitable for their age so that they could provide for themselves and also meet new people and make more friends .
This  will help increase  psychological and emotional well being .
In conclusion , public spending on the elderly is necessar .
However to a certain extent ,  the government cannot be relied on as they too have other areas of development to look out for .
Furthermore , not every parent is lucky enough to have children who could love them and fulfil their wants and needs .
Instead of helping them with monetary schemes , the government should implement new initiatives such as psychological and emotional support that encourages the elderly to get out of their misery and age actively .
Singapore , well-known for its top city infrastructure , has been ranked 26th in a quality of living survey done by Mercer (2009) .
The criterion for being a city with top infrastructure includes having excellent airport facilities and an extensive transport system (Mercer , 2009) .
Singapore has one of the best education systems in the world , thus attracting students from all over the world .
With regards to the controversies on how public spending should be distributed , the main focus should be on creating a more conducive environment for the old since Singapore's reputation as a global education hub is unrivalled .
The fact remains that education helps individuals gain knowledge and insights into life , which is the basis of civilisation and is vital for a nation's political stability in the long run .
Learning from the mistakes of past politicians , current leaders will avoid making the same blunders .
With proper education , leaders will know which policies are good for the country , when they should be implemented and how long the policy should be in place .
In spite of having a world-renowned education system , the leaders should strive to make improvements instead of just being contented with the current situation .
For instance , the government should adopt a more holistic approach so that the skills learned in classrooms can be adapted to the globalising world .
With its well-reputed education system , the focal point of public spending should instead be placed on the elderly .
Prime Minister Lee pointed out in a newspaper report (Mathavan , 2009) that the country should not overlook the issue of caring for the elderly and provide health care subsidies .
Due to the high standards of living , the huge medical expenses incurred by the elderly not only strain their children emotionally , but financially as well .
To address this issue , the government came up with the Primary Care Partnership Scheme (2008) where subsidies are given out accordingly after an income assessment is done .
However , this may be insufficient due to the stringent criteria placed on the Per Capita Income Rate of Subsidy .
The income assessment overlooks details such as a family having more than one elderly person that requires medical attention  .
In this case , they might encounter difficulties in paying for the medical fees as they have more than one elderly person to look after .
As such , the income assessment should be revised to provide a more concise evaluation of a family's financial situation .
In this way , public spending can be used to provide more medical subsidies for the elderly .
In this growing society , younger generations are getting more educated .
Unlike in the past , younger generations nowadays are more work oriented .
They are reluctant to start a family and even though they are married , they do not wish to have any children .
They feel that having children will hinder their progress in their careers .
On the other hand , life expectancy  has increased because people have become more affluent .
Thus , the aging population is now an increasing problem globally .
A very good example is Japan .
A case study in 2008 has shown that 20% of the population now in Japan is sixty-five years old and above .
By  2030 , the percentage of the population who is sixty-five years old and above will rise to 38 .1% .
An aging population will be a never ending problem in this modern society .
Increasing  public spending on the aged will not be able to solve this problem .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be limited and the money should be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Firstly , increasing public spending on the aged will only make the aged dependent on the government .
The government should encourage the aged to extend their service to the workforce .
In Singapore , the government extended the retirement age from 62 years old to 65 years old .
People may think that it is time for the aged to enjoy their life because they have slogged for many decades  , but they do not know that most of the aged are still fit and healthy .
If a person is employed , it is beneficial for their physical well being .
In addition , it will also benefit the country's economy .
This proves that it is not necessary for the government to increase  their budget on the aged if their aged population are able to cope financially .
The money on the other hand can be put to good use by improving on their research and development .
Lastly , policies have been implemented by  countries to help the aged .
In Singapore , the government has enforced individual savings through mandatory Central Provident Funds (CPF) , which mandates that the population saves for old age .
However , people might argue that the aged have their children to depend on  , but this dependence is straining on family ties as average health care costs rise .
Having a saving fund for them would be a better choice .
Hence , by having this CPF scheme , the government is able to cut down on  spending on the aged and  put it to better use by diverting it to  other areas of the country's development , thus improving the country's economyeconomy of the country
In conclusion , public spending should be limited and money diverted to  other areas of a country's development . .
Through research and development and having the correct policies , a country not only will take care of their aged , it will also improve its economy .
This will not only help the current aged , it will also enable the present generation to be able to enjoy healthy and fulfilling lives into their sunset years without putting a heavy burden on their children and grandchildren .
To a large extent , current policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Being one of the top aging populations in Asia , Singapore has to be prepared for the challenges to be faced currently  ,or in the future , when Singapore turns into a prominent ageing society .
In order to take care of the challenges , the Singapore government has implemented several policies  ,such as housing , health and employment policies , to overcome the obstacles of the aging phenomenon as well as to provide  .
One of the policies is the housing policy , which strongly encourages extended families by providing incentives and  elderly-friendly housing for  senior citizens .
A report bythe Government of Singapore 2000 , shows that in the year 2000 , around 9 out of 10 senior citizens who were above sixty-five years old were living together with their children (Government of Singapore 2000) .
This may due to the various housing schemes which resulted in a high rate of elderly staying with their children .
Some of the housing schemes implemented by the Housing Development Board (HDB)  include the Multi-Tier Housing Scheme , the Joint Selection Scheme , and the CPF Housing Grant Scheme (Kalyani K . Mehta , 2002) .
The Multi-Tier Housing Scheme iwas introduced to encourage married children to live together under one roof with their parents or vice versa .
This scheme allows extended-family applicants to be given priority allocation on the flats they want to live in .
The Joint Selection Scheme  allows families to choose the flats in priority order so that  married children and parents can stay in separate HDB flats but close together ,  in the same neighboring town or estate (Kalyani K . Mehta , 2002) .
Finally , the CFP Grant Scheme was also introduced to encourage married children to live near their parents by offering a higher grant if their flat is near their parents' home compared to those who are either staying alone  , or not staying close to their parents .
Apart from these schemes , Singapore is also trying hard to create an elderly-friendly environment by: modifying lifts to stop on every floor;using non-slip floor tiles to minimize the danger of elderly people slipping and falling; having support hand bars in toilets; installing alert alarm systems; and building  ramps and link ways to facilitate wheelchair access .
Housing schemes and building an elderly-friendly environment would definitely allow the elderly to live more comfortably 
Health care policies for the aged have been getting noticed in recent years .
The government has been aggressively promoting awareness of health care issues among the ageing society .
For instance , old people who do not have any health care indemnity have been advised to have  Medishield accounts with support given from the government (Chan , Angelique 2002) .
This account permits individuals to pay for their medical bills .
Besides , the government helps in subsidizing health screening programs for senior citizens .
A person aged over 60 is allowed to perform a basic health-screening test with just S$5 (Kalyani K . Mehta , 2002) .
Despite having various schemes for health care  , there are still numerous  underprivileged senior citizens who cannot afford their medical expenses especially for  prolonged illnesses such as strokes and rheumatism .
Thus the Medifund was established to provide aid for those who are unable to pay for healthcare services (Ministry of Health ,2010) .
Needy patients are hence , able to apply and use this fund to pay for their healthcare services .
In general , healthcare policies have been contributing a lot to meet the needs of the 'aged Singaporeans' .
Last but not least , it is important to make the elderly an asset to Singapore's society by giving senior citizens who are physically capable the opportunity to work .
The government has started to put emphasis on the re- training of the older workers to work more efficiently and productively (Chan , Angelique 2002) .
Not only that , the government has also extended the retirement age of  individuals .
This permits the aged population to continue serving society and also in certain ways helps to build confidence in the elderly .
In any case , a lopsided spending will only compromise progress for other sectors which in turn will lead to other social and economic problems .
First , Education spending is a long term investment that a country cannot neglect .
If the budget over emphasizes on the aged , this will result in insufficient funding for Education  , greatly compromising the academic intelligence of the younger generation .
This will create a huge economic cost to the country .
When the population is less educated , the country's general growth declines , , especially in the area of Research and Development that requires highly educated personnel to function .
The correlation between economic growth and spending on the aged must be understood .
With economic growth , the budget available will increase and the government can afford to spend the same portion of the budget yet providing a larger real sum .
Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer (2005) mentioned that with economic growth , there will be a lower demand for government handouts and there will be more funds made available for elderly welfare programmes .
Thus education , which helps to sustain future economic growth , is an aspect where  spending on the aged must be carefully limited in order to prevent any compromise .
To conclude , the role of government in providing assistance to the elderly , either to show its appreciation or simply to those who are in need , cannot be denied .
Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer (2005) , point out that a group of uneducated or single elderly remains vulnerable as they did not have the means to save up for a decent retirement when they were working .
But it should be remembered  that while  sympathy and appreciation for the aged must remain , it must not be overdone because there are more than just the aged to look after .
Thus spending on the aged is necessary  , however , it should be carefully limited so as not to compromise other sectors and overall national interest in the long run .
Word count: 656
In this modern era , ageing populations have become a phenomenon in many countries , especially those which hold records of past baby boom and present low fertility rates , like Singapore and Japan .
This rising trend in the median age of the population has drawn much attention to the welfare benefits of the elderly .
While liberals view social welfare as a legitimate function of government and provision of welfare as citizens' rights , it can be argued that the welfare state may end up heading towards a 'bottomless pit'- one which requires relentless public spending , in this case , on the aged and is indifferent to a person's capability in attaining self-sufficiency .
Also , to ensure a nation's continual economic growth and social development , much of the fiscal earnings  should be utilized on other areas like investments and education .
Therefore to maintain a healthy balance between various demands and to reduce dependency , , there should be a boundary set on the public expenditure for care for the elderly .
Nevertheless , some may argue that it  one's "entitlement" to receive a pension and other forms of material benefits upon retirement  (Fernandez , 1994) .
To deprive one of his privileges is an inhumane act .
However , this may create an impression that one can rely on the state during old-age , and result in the sapping of  incentives to work and save for retirement  .
Since an ageing population would translate into a growing number of 'beneficiaries' , the figures of public expenditure would thus be expected to multiply and eventually become such a vast amount that it could go beyond the financial capability of the welfare state societies .
To avoid such social repercussions , free-flow expenditure on eldercare that can draw individual dependency on the nation should be prohibited . .
On the whole , public spending on the aged should not be made at the expense of the progress of other sectors .
Also , restrictive expenditure will avert the formation of "welfare dependency" but promote the building of a "compassionate society" through family-centred policies  (Chua , 1993) .
The concept of a welfare-state should be especially avoided in countries with scarce resources like Singapore , because in times of financial difficulties , they will have no resources to tap on but have  to rely solely on themselves (Clasen , 2001) .To be on the safe side , policy-makers should allocate fiscal earnings in a diverse manner , and not solely on maintaining the aged .
The aging problem is an important issue that governments areworrying about .
Peterson (2001) even claims that the aging problem will worsen as the median age of the elderly will reach around 50 by 2050 in many first world countries .
This prediction is further supported by a survey conducted by the World Bank ,  .
With the growing population of the elderly , governments have put in a lot of effort , by providing financial assistance and grants for example , in order to ease the issue effectively .
However , some people disagree with the government's policy and claim that there is a need to limit  public spending on the aged so thatt the money is diverted to other areas to attain a balanced  economic and social development .
Moreover , it can also be argued that the government's approach is not a good remedy to cope with the aging problem permanently .
Public spending on the elderly should be limited .
Some people may argue that limited public spending on the elderly  .
The aged have contributed a lot to form and shape  society .
Limiting public spending has a deeper meaning , that the government doesn't acknowledge their contributions to the country .
However , this is not entirely true since spending money on other suitable sectors may be a better and perhaps permanent solution to solve this aging problem .
Education is a good example that helps to solve this issue more effectively .
It ensures that the young generation is well educated , full of knowledge and able to think critically .
This may indirectly help them to think and spend wisely in their future so that they are less dependent on the government as their future is financially secured .
Besides , instilled moral values remind them of the importance of taking up the filial obligation with  their parents .
Moreover , it benefits more citizens rather than the elderly .
For example , it actually helps to ease the poverty problem since the lack of formal education among the poor contributes to the poverty issue directly .
Hence , public spending on the education should be stressed as well since it helps to solve the aging issue more effectively , rather than keeping on spending money on the elderly 
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited .
It does not mean that the government doesn't take good care of the elderly or doesn't acknowledge their contributions in the past .
However , from another  perspective , the money diverted to other areas or sectors such as industry , tourism , social work professional associations and education , help to form a more rigid and structured society .
Moreover , public spending on these areas has a wider coverage rather than focusing only on the aged .
Hence , for a better future , public spending on the aged should be limited .
The aging issue  worldwide was not pressing until  the large population of the Baby Boomers generation began to welcome their golden years .
As medical facilities and technologies have continued to evolve , so have the lifespan of  modern mortals prolonged .
Global life expectancy at birth , which is estimated to have risen from 58 years in 1970-1975 to 67 years in 2005-2010 , is expected to keep on rising to reach 75 years in 2045-2050 (United Nations , 2007) .
Demographic changes due to the rapid aging population will post serious consequences on health issues as well as the economy of the country .
In recognition of this problem , current policies as well as research and development that have been implemented has yielded to ease the aging process .
An aging population is often associated with a decline in the workforce and the productivity of the country .
For example , Denton and Spencer (1998) noted that the rate of growth  per capita GDP is certain to fall significantly over the coming decades unless either the immigration rate or the productivity growth rate increases  dramatically .
It is the ageing of the population that lies behind this concern (as cited in Scarth , 2002) .
Therefore , policies such as Angel Policy 1989 , New Angel Policy 1999 and the "Angel Plan , Plus-One" 2003 , have been introduced and implemented in  Japan to increase the birthrate and expand the workforce of the future as to maintain productivity of the country (Cardiosk , 2008)(Devasahayam , Yeoh , 2007)  .
The size of tomorrow's economy and tax base  should be increased by raising more productive children so that the cost burden is spread over a larger and more affluent future generation (Peterson , 2001) .
Another alternative carried out by Japan is to use their advancement in science and technology to curb the aging issues by using robots in their workforce .
Japan has innovatively modified robots to put them in production lines and the service industry  as substitutes for their aging workforce .
These two measures have attempted to reduce the reliance of the workforce on the aging population and to soothe the pressing matter of the aging population .
United Nations , Department of Economic and Social Affairs , Population Division (2007) .
World Population Prospects: The 2006 Revision , Highlights , Working Paper No .
ESA/P/WP .202 .
William Scarth (2002) .
Population Aging , Productivity , and Living Standards In:The Review of Economic Performance and Social Progress 2002: Towards a Social Understanding of Productivity
The health care system has also been given high priority to cater to the needs of the aging population .
For instance in Singapore , besides building new hospitals such as the Khoo Teck Puat Hospital in Yishun and the Jurong General Hospital , the authorities have taken a big stride by building a link between  hospitals and community hospitals where patients can receive treatment at the  and then recuperate at the community hospital .
In this way , the elderly obtain appropriate care aat the same time as lowering health care and freeing up beds in hospitals for more critical cases which need to be treated ("Healthcare system to be reconstructed" , 2009) .
This scenario maximizes efficiency as government hospitals will be able to deliver high quality medical skills and the community hospitals will be able to tend to patients' psychology and social needs better .
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong noted in the National Rally Day speech 2009 , that the best way to keep health care costs down is by maintaining a healthy lifestyle .
In the agenda to help the elderly maintain a healthy lifestyle , Wellness Programme was launched in 12 constituencies in 2008 with the aim of allowing senior citizens to undergo health screening , fitness assessments and to participate in physical activities ("Wellness Programme popular" , 2009) .
Wellness Centres organizevarious activities for their elderly members , such as intellectual pursuit , physical activities and also activities to expand their social networking .
Cheerful and happy elderly people , who are satisfied and contented mentally and physically from the activities designed for them , are less susceptible to illnesses , preventing the need for long term care , keeping the cost of healthcare maintenance low and resulting in a happier aging process .
The implementation of the Maintenance of Parents Act in 1995 was said to be against Singapore's Confucianism idealistic norm  and controversial in a filial piety orientated society .
As a matter of fact , according to Kalyani K . Mehta , to meet further challenges of population aging , the Maintenance of Parents Act was implemented to deal with anticipated problems related to the social and health care of older persons .
This social policy imposes a legal obligation on children to maintain their parents to deal with and prevent problems related to the neglect of elderly parents .
Also , the Central Provident Fund of Singapore (CPF)   ,that was first introduced in 1955 , is actually a social security savings plan where the overall scope and benefits of CPF revolve around retirement , healthcare , home ownership , family protection and asset enhancement ("Singapore Central Provident Fund - CPF") .
In the early days , employees could only withdraw money from the Central Provident Fund when they retire however , in 1984 , a new scheme known as the Medisave was introduced , so .
In addition to Medisave , MediShield which is a medical insurance scheme was introduced in  1990 in order to help  members to sustain and pay for long term medical expenses which arise from serious illness .
A new strategy , Eldershield , implemented in September 2002 , is a special insurance scheme that provides coverage for disability , especially in old age due to the lengthening of the life span of Singaporeans (Kalyani K . Mehta) .
All these policies aim to lessen the financial burden on the elderly to provide them with security in their sunset years .
Although  given the support and coordination between the government , Voluntary Welfare Organizations (VWO) , the community and individuals  , the aging process in various countries is believed to be able to be eased , if not overcome .
Reference
Devasahayam , Yeoh (2007) .
Working and mothering in Asia: images , ideologies and identities .
Singapore: NUS Press .
Hasnita A Majid (2009 , August 17) , Wellness Programme popular with Singapore's ageing population .
Channel NewsAsia Healthcare system to be reconstructed to cater to ageing population (2009 , August 17) .
Channel NewsAsia
Kalyani K . Mehta .
Chapter 5: National Policies on Ageing and Long-term Care in Singapore: A Case of Cautious Wisdom ? .
Retrieved Sept 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .idrc .ca/en/ev-28477-201-1-DO_TOPIC .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .idrc .ca/en/ev-28477-201-1-DO_TOPIC .html]
Michael Cardiosk (2008) .
Japans Population Policy: "Angel Plan" .
Retrieved Sept 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .associatedcontent .com/article/1117971/japans_population_policy_angel_plan .html ?cat=37}[HYPERLINK: http://www .associatedcontent .com/article/1117971/japans_population_policy_angel_plan .html ?cat=37] Singapore Central Provident Fund - CPF , About Central Provident Fund in Singapore .
Retrieved Sept 16 , 2009 , from {http://www .activesingapore .com/singapore-central-provident-fund .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .activesingapore .com/singapore-central-provident-fund .html]
Reference List
Alan Taylor (4 March 2009) Robots from http://www .boston .com/bigpicture/2009/03/robots .html
Compare Infobase Limited (2006) World Top Ten Countries by Highest Life Expectancy from
http://www .mapsofworld .com/world-top-ten/countries-by-highest-life- expectancy .html
Matt Rosenberg (19 Aug 2007) Overview of Life Expectancy from http://geography .about .com/od/populationgeography/a/lifeexpectancy .htm
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong (2009) National Day Rally Speech from http://www .channelnewsasia .com/nd09/rally_english .htm#pt4
Wong Siew Ying , CNA (17 Aug 2008) Five firms receive S$500 ,000 grants to develop elderly-friendly products from http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/365562/1/ .htm l
Bibliography
Alan Taylor (4 March 2009) Robots from http://www .boston .com/bigpicture/2009/03/robots .html
Compare Infobase Limited (2006) World Top Ten Countries by Highest Life Expectancy from
Although hospitals are built to cater for the elderly and medical science is advancing , the most critical issue is still  the high medical cost that patients and families have to worry about .
To tackle this issue , the government has introduced policies  like the CPF which consists of the Ordinary Account , Special Account and the 3Ms , which include Medisave , MediShield and Medifund Account , to prepare the citizens for their retirement .
When the citizens of Singapore turn  55 , they can withdraw their savings from their CPF .
Besides that , the CPF can also be used to buy a house , cover hospital expenses or for  education fees .
Medifund caters more to help the needy in paying for their outstanding medical bills .
As a result , the government sees fewer cases of residents unable to afford healthcare and  social medical workers have reported that Medifund is enough to cover hospital bills . 
http://www .mapsofworld .com/world-top-ten/countries-by-highest-life- expectancy .html
Central Provident Fund (CPF) http://mycpf .cpf .gov .sg/CPF/About- Us/Intro/Intro .htm
Matt Rosenberg (19 Aug 2007) Overview of Life Expectancy from http://geography .about .com/od/populationgeography/a/lifeexpectancy .htm
Maintenance of Parents Act Law (Chapter 167B) http://statutes .agc .gov .sg/non_version/cgi-bin/cgi_retrieve .pl ?&actno=Reved- 167B&date=latest&method=part
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong (2009) National Day Rally Speech from http://www .channelnewsasia .com/nd09/rally_english .htm#pt4
Singapore Workforce Development Agency (WDA) http://www .wda .gov .sg/
The Wisdom Years Ageing Societies http://wisdom .unu .edu/en/ageing- societies/
Wong Siew Ying , CNA (17 Aug 2008) Five firms receive S$500 ,000 grants to develop elderly-friendly products from http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/365562/1/ .htm l
Community Centres and Resident Committee Centres have also been built in different areas of Singapore to provide recreational activities and programmes for the elderly to participate in .
Infrastructures such as elderly friendly facilities outside HDB flats or in the parks have also been specially built for the elderly to encourage them to exercise and keep fit .
Although not all elderly people would be willing to use the facilities or take part in activities , the centres advertise the activities through banners and flyers or even the mass media to encourage the elderly to be active and healthy .
Even though new products like robots have been invented families with lower incomes may not be able to afford these extra luxuries .
However , these are just extra solutions to help the elderly and bring more convenience to families who can afford them .
Another more practical solution is the introduction of housing grants by the HDB for families who want to live near their parents .
It encourages adult married children to live near their parents so that they can take care of them and attend to their parents' needs conveniently .
The government also encourages adult children to take care of their own parents by pushing filial piety values on them , as there is a limit to how much the government can help the elderly because resources like land and workforce are very limited in Singapore .
However in some cases where children are unfilial , the government has introduced the "Parents Maintenance Act Law" , to help solve the problem of unfilial children by making them support their elderly parents in a form of paying them a monthly allowance .
In addition to the fear of  the government also introduced different policies to help  in other areas like ensuring work security in women who are on maternity leave , baby bonuses and children's Edusave education funds .
The WDA has also come up with retraining and upgrading programmes to ensure and encourage people to hold on to their jobs .
However , there is still the problem of a growing aging population due to low birth rates .
In order to deal with this problem , the government has opened up doors to foreign workers to work in Singapore so that they can help increase the workforce productivityCompanies can also employ more care-givers to help the elderly .
Besides attracting foreign workers , the government has also come up with campaigns and more incentives for married couples to give birth to more children so as to help ease the aging process .
In conclusion , the government has helped ease the aging process by introducing many new policies related to healthcare and laws to support the elderly and also medical advancements and infrastructures to help the needs of the elderly to cope with the aging process .
From birth to the death , man has experienced huge change continuously which is called the aging process and as a result , our society has became older and older .
Not only man , the world has been changing continuously especially in the economic sector which is the most important part of making a living .
Thanks to  economic growth , people may escape from worries about hunger and poverty but do they feel insecure about their future when they imagine that they are in their 70's or 80's ?
Though the world economy has prospered dramatically for about a century , it doesn't seem to have a place for the old the focus is on achieving hasty economic growth .
Firstly , the fundamental flow of a modern economy is market capitalism in which most of the economic assets and system are owned by the private sector , not the public sectorand government .
The owner of a property always tries to seek profit from that so their basic needs to live are considered as means of making money .
The problem starts from here .
For instance , if  health insurance belongs to an individual for  people should pay a lot more to see a doctor and get a prescription This causes problems for old people as they do not earn after retirement but have to visit hospital more frequently than before (Peterson ,2001) .
As the market economy brings about the private ownership of basic elements for living , the  faces distress .
Thirdly , it can be argued that people have achieved huge economic growth and the product of that accomplishment results in an upgrading of living standards without uncertainty for the future .
Needless to say , Singapore's GDP shows  economic improvement  every year .
Despite  this progress ,  .
Because the economy always encourages people to spend all of their money on new products and services and not on saving , people are not used to saving something for the future .
A concrete example is credit cards .
To get a drastic expansion of the consumption for economic growth , the market created the credit card which can distribute  current consumption to the future to reduce the present burden .
The aim of this may be good , but this has led to the credit crisis where people suffer from  financial difficulties .
In a nut shell , the economy only cares about profit , people cannot prepare for the future by saving and finally , the old may experience financial hardship .
An Ageing population is a problem encountered by many countries today .
To date , elderly aged over 65 constitutes 8 .6% of the total population in Singapore , which will see an expected rise to 18 .7% in  2030 .
Such a significant trend has led many to worry about the problems associated with this phenomenon , hence the government has initiated certain policies and developments aimed at helping the elderly .
Although these initiatives are beneficial for the aged , the government should consider limiting public spending on them to divert money to other areas such as education and development in Singapore .
Spending on the aged should be kept to a smaller proportion as compared to areas such as education .
The younger generations should be the focus and not the aged as they are the ones who will up keep Singapore's standing in the near future .
Prime Minister Lee (2009) at a dialogue with Nanyang Technological University students took the stand  that local students should build networks with the rest of the world and integrate in new environment in order to "push the boundaries" and break new grounds for Singapore .
Hence , plans by the ministry should be made to foster greater interaction between local students and international students .
Money should be given to aid needy students who will then not be deprived of a chance to participate in Exchange programs administered by the institution .
These programs enrich a student's soft skills , which is essential for their ability to lead the country in time to come .
Singapore , having one of the top education systems ,should continue it's reputation , and the government should divert money spent on the aged to  refining students who are the future leaders of Singapore .
Singapore's tourism sector is a lucrative field which has contributed greatly to the country's economic success .Therefore , the the government should divert money on the aged to this thriving industry .
Since 1996 , the number of tourists coming to Singapore has been increasing steadily with an estimated $14 .8 billion tourist received in 2008 .
Tourism has made a significant contribution in creating more jobs for locals and with the upcoming Marina Sands project ,  thousands of jobs for Singaporeans are expected to be created in this period of economic downturn .
Also , the tourism sector has made huge contributions to Singapore's economy , with an estimated $230 billion in 2007 .
All these benefits brought about by tourism must not be underestimated .
Thus , the government has to continue improving on its infrastructure and developments for tourism and tourists so as to remain on a competitive edge with other Asian countries .
Hence , funds spent on the aged should be limited in lieu of spending it on more beneficial areas for the country .
Critics have validated the spending on aged by arguing for the role which the elderly hold in building and molding Singapore to where it is now .
These efforts must not be neglected and hence , government should provide for them now that they have turned economically inactive .
On the contrary , though these elderly have contributed to Singapore's success , focus should be turned to family support and care for the elderly instead .
'Hardware' has been constructed to facilitate the aged in their daily lives; 'heart-ware' should be proliferated instead .
"heart-ware" means giving emotional support to the agedand providing unconditional love and respect for them .
Instead of channeling money to be spent on building hardware for the aged , more should be done to foster closer relationships between the young and old .
Teo (2009) believes  that people should treat the elderly they way that they want to be treated when they are old .
the government cannot coerce 'heart- ware' on the young; instead they can be influenced and taught  in school when they are young .
Therefore , public spending should be limited as 'hardware' has been built for the aged and focus should be placed on the intangible 'heart- ware' for the elderly instead .
.
The aged still remain as a figure of respect .
However , instead of hanging onto the past , Singaporeans have to look ahead and plan for the future journey .
The government should reduce the proportion of funds spent on aged facilities and divert it to  education and tourism development as these two fields will enable the continual growth for this small nation dependent on it's labor force .
Many countries experience population aging .
In fact , nowadays Singapore's population is aging too and it is one of the fastest aging populations in Asia .
There are several developed countries such as Japan , the US and Singapore predicting that educated aging boomers will have longer life expectancies than the generations that preceded them .
It is estimated that by 2050 , Singapore's median age will move from 36 to 54 , similar to Japan and Italy .
Recent studies have shown that Singapore has a low rate of population growth due to the declination of birth rates .
Many young couples think that having a baby is too expensive in Singapore .
This situation is not getting any better as more of the population ages .
Thus , there will be fewer younger generations to look after aged people in the future .
In addition , an aging population causes a decrease in the workforce .
The decrease will be prominent when the baby boomers reach their retirement age and there will be fewer younger people to replace them .
In such a case , Singapore faces the challenge of developing public policies to accommodate the trend of aging and to gear up for a growing aging population .
Nevertheless , immigration policy is feasible to cope with an aging population .
Immigration policy has helped to ease the aging process .
It has been adopted by many countries especially in Singapore , which faces a serious population challenge .
Notwithstanding  a viable policy , Singapore citizens feel that these new immigrants and foreigners might not benefit them because they will face even more intense competition in the workforce .
However , if Singapore does not adopt immigration  , it will face manpower shortfalls .
As  more elderly people retire from the work field  , this causes a lack of productivity in the workforce as well as a labour shortage .
Subsequently , a labour shortage  will have a negative impact on the economy as it slows the country's economic growth .
In future years , the economic burden will be increased tremendously due to the aging labour force .
Nevertheless , these problems could be eliminated as the influx of foreigners through immigration will satisfy the needs of the labour market and  boost the economy with improved labour productivity .
Immigration is a possible solution to easing the aging process .
It can help to sustain the overall population size .
Admitting more immigrants will help to replenish the country's aging population in the years ahead .
For example , the government of Singapore has introduced several measures to boost the fertility rate .
One of which is immigration  , which has attracted many immigrants mainly from China , India , and Malaysia to integrate into  society and  has helped to raise the fertility rate .
In effect , more productive children will be raised and there will be sufficient numbers of younger generations to replace those of the older generations as they retire .
Moreover , since there are more young people engaged in the workforce , the elderly in later life will  as they will be supported by the younger generations .
Immigration  is a practical solution adopted by developed countries with aging societies , namely , Singapore , the USA and China .
Nonetheless , some countries are exclusively independent without relying upon immigration to sustain population growth .
For instance ,  Japan is facing a population crisis as they have the lowest birth rate in the world .
However , Japan is not yet ready to open the country's door to immigrants and the rigidness of Japan's immigration laws has been seen even until now .
As a result , it will lead to the economic problems associated with its graying population .
The shrinking of the labour force and the lack of vitality for the workforce will happen in the near future .
Therefore , Japan needs to ease up on its immigration laws by allowing more foreigners to immigrate in order to solve the problems .
In conclusion , coping with an aging population will require a long term effort and it is a challenge to a country .
However , this challenge could help to ease the aging process in the long run by adopting immigration  .
Despite it , the government should not only focus on a particular policy in order to resolve the aging problems .
There are others policies that should be taken into consideration , including; family policy , later retirement for the elderly , and promoting healthy life styles for resolving problems posed by aging process .
, the government should encourage older population to live an active aging life .
If they are encouraged to be productive , they can be economic contributors as well .
The elderly , who prepare well and early for old age will be more ready for retirement  , then the present generations of people will be able to enjoy meaningful and happy lives without relying or putting a burden on their children .
The aged need money to cover  their extensive bills , that range from medical purposes to other basic necessities .
In Singapore , it is not uncommon to see the aged working in sectors that are shunned  by the young .
One significant example is the cleaning industry .
It is true that the aged are able to support themselves by being financially independent .
However , they receive low salaries , which can hardly cover the increasing cost of their medical bills .
Medical technologies have developed to be more advanced and sophisticated over the years .
Thus , the cost of medical treatment is considered as expensive by the aged especially those who hold low-income jobs or who live alone without the support of the family .
This group should be categorized as the vulnerable group .
Therefore , it is timely for the public to spend their wealth on this group .
The vulnerable group should apply for jobs that are registered under the Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) in Ministry of Manpower .
Then , a portion of the income tax from the working individuals should be channeled to help this group .
However , those who are not under WIS will not benefit from public spending .
This is to prevent the syndicate schemes that are on the rise today .
Their target is always  this vulnerable group as they believe that it is relatively easy to manipulate them in order to gain sympathy from the public .
The vulnerable group is usually forced to sell tissue packets and other religious symbols .
Hence , it is important to ensure that the group is well-informed of the policy .
Ideally , the policy should be in four different languages to cater to the understanding of residents .
Thus , if public spending is limited , the vulnerable group will be economically disadvantaged .
Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports .
2009 , about the seniors , the aging population .
Retrieved 2009 , from http://app .mcys .gov .sg/web/indv_abtageing .asp
United states department of labour http://www .dol .gov/ilab/media/reports/iclp/Advancing1/html/thialand .htm
In conclusion , the amount of money utilized to help to ease the burden of the aged should not be limited .
The financial burden and discrimination faced at the workforce are among the problems that the aged are going through .
There should be a level of awareness to help the aged so that they will age with dignity and pride .
This is because everyone , sooner or later will reach  the ageing stage and will want their needs to be taken care of as well .
The problems faced by the aged will be a global phenomenon .
Hence , this is where the role of public spending should come iin to play to address the needs of the aged .
Reference:
Chakrapand Wongburanavart , Good Practice in Information Exchange: Country and International Cases Thailand , report by the director of Thai Women of Tomorrow at the Regional Forum on Strengthening Information Exchange on Intolerable Forms of Child Labor , Bangkok , July 19-21 , 1999 , page 41-42 .
Herve Berger and Hans van de Glind , Children in Prostitution , Pornography and Illicit Activities: Thailand (Bangkok: ILO-IPEC , August 1999) , page 7
Somphon Chitradub , Child Labour in the Trafficking of Drugs in Thailand: An ILO-IPEC Southeast Asia Paper (Bangkok: ILO-IPEC , 1999) , page 2-3 .
Help the aged; we will .
Human rights .
2009 http://policy .helptheaged .org .uk/_policy/AgeEquality/HumanRights/_default .ht m
Making ICT accessible .
Electronic references .
Retrived August 6 , 2009from http://www .tiresias .org/accessible_ict/ageing_population/statistics .htm
In the middle Ages , most people were lucky if they lived to be 40 years old .
By the end of the 20th century , the average life expectancy had reached the early 70s .
For most of us living today , it is not unusual for us to grow up knowing our grand parents and great-grand parents .
Some people even remember their great-great grand parents .
To a large extent , current research and development have helped to ease the aging process .
There are several reasons for this increased aging situation such as this increase in life expectancy .
Through the use of these specific reasons and examples , this essay will demonstrate why especially in the field of medicine .
Secondly , people today are more aware of the effect of healthy living on their life expectancy .
For example , even as late at the 1950s , many people were not aware that eating too many large portions of steak and potatoes and other foods rich in carbohydrates and cholesterol could significantly increase their likelihood of a heart attack .
Also , people were not aware of the links between habits such as alcoholism and cigarette smoking and diseases such as liver disease and cancer .
Today , medical research , both traditional and holistic , stresses the importance of healthy eating and exercise in increasing one's life expectancy .
Thus , our increased life expectancy is largely due to advances in medical research .
However , it is also due to people's willingness to accept the results of such research and to apply them by eating better and exercising more .
Many scientists predict that our average life expectancy will slowly continue to increase as medicine finds more cures for diseases that are still terminal today .
If the government places more emphasis on the well-being of the aged instead of nurturing the younger generation , it discourages the younger generation to stay in a particular country .
The country's resources are limited .
Giving more to the elderly means a lesser proportion for the younger generations .
Fewer opportunities , in the form of job security and stability arise from less money being diverted to education and development of the economy .
This will lead to emigration and brain drain from the country , which will in turn lead it to lose/losing its competitive edge , and thus it will be less attractive to investors .
More money should be diverted to education for the development of the younger generation to deal with  .
An example is Singapore providing free education and offering one of the world's best childcare services and facilities .
However , critics may argue that the elderly have contributed their part to nation building and should not be denied access to government funds .
Nonetheless , the younger generation forms the pillar of a country's economyand more attention should be given to nurturing them . 
With an aging population , spending on the elderly is bound to increase .
However , this spending should be limited because the development of certain areas of a country deserves more attention .
This is because a welfare state is not feasible for every nation although it may seem desirable .
In addition , healthcare subsidies should be reduced on the part of the government and transferred to the community in the long run .
Lastly , educating the younger generation is essential to a nation's economic growth .
To conclude , the importance in the development of other areas clearly surpasses that of spending on the elderly .
The issue of an an an aging population has become an increasing important issue in our society today .
The problems caused by an aging population  are increasing and it has placed great pressure on  society .
Hence , the government is paying more attention to solving these problems caused by aging population through various means .
One of them is to increase  public spending on the aged .
However , some may argue that  doing so  may limit the country's development .
Therefore , public spending  on the aged should not be limited because the issue of an aging population has become a major problem in the society .
Some may argue that public spending on the aged should be limited so that it will not limit the country's development .
Other areas of the country's development are equally important and hence government funds should also be directed to  areas such as education and health care  , instead of just focusing on the aged .
Education is equally important because the young will determine the country's development in the future since they are the ones who will lead the country .
Without proper education , they will not have the ability to compete with other countries and this will hinder the country's development especially in the economic sector .
Hence , the education sector is equally important .
In addition , the healthcare sector is also very important as it can help increase the standard of living of people .
The health of the people is one of the major considerations when investors chose a country to invest in .
Hence , if the health status of the people is very low , investors may not want to invest in the country and this may affect the economic growth of the country .
Therefore , some may argue that public spending on the aged should be limited so that the funds can be diverted to other areas for the country's development .
In addition , public spending on the aged should not be limited as people have longer life expectancy as compared to the past and as a result will face larger financial health risks (Friedland and Summer , 2005) .
As people live longer , they face more health problems .
They may not be able to afford the increasingly expensive health care services .
Even the existing healthcare policies that help people to cope with the expensive healthcare services may not be sufficient .
In Singapore , the government has come up with policies such as Medisave and Medishield to prepare people by saving a portion of their salary in these accounts .
Hence , when they are ill , they are able to use these accounts to pay for their medical bills .
However , with rising costs of healthcare services , the money in these accounts may be used up quickly and therefore they will not be able to afford any more healthcare services .
Therefore , public spending on aged should not be limited .
In recent years , many countries have begun to face the  issue of ageing demographics and undeniably , Singapore is one of the fastest ageing populations in Asia .
Population ageing will bring about social and economic changes , and such a shift in the age structure means that the government has to make amendments to the public spending on the aged .
While it is important to care for the elderly , other areas of the country's development should also be taken into consideration and not to be neglected , so as to achieve a balance in both the social and economic structure of the country .
According to Friedland and Summer (2005) , an ageing demographic will cause serious fiscal problems for publicly-financed health and welfare packages .
Indeed , money has to be spent to curb ageing problems , but it is society's responsibility to ensure a desirable standard of living for the elderly and to constantly fulfill the varying needs of this group of senior citizens .
The government has to ensure that all the elderly have a permanent roof above their head even after retirement and can also finance their day-to-day living expenses .
Moreover , with longer life expectancy , it is also important to be certain that the country's health care system is well-structured and sophisticated enough to prepare for an influx of sick elderly , and also that the cost of health care expenditure also includes the cost of promoting good health .
t is important to promote preventative measures as it will mean less expenditure on taking care of people who are sick .
Research and Development is also another important area of a country's development .
In today's context , industry changes get obsolete very quickly .
It is important to be innovative and constantly produce new ideas in order to stay ahead of competitors and to improve a society's performance .
For example , Research and Development in pharmaceuticals is particularly important as the creation of new drugs will help in the advancement of medical and clinical studies .
More sophisticated health care systems will in turn help to reduce medical spending on the aged and might even help the elderly to sustain good health .
Therefore , it is important to receive incentives and funding from the government to perform Research and Development .
Other than areas in education and Research and Development , the defence force should also have a share  public funding .
Defence not only ensures national security but also maintain peace and stability in the country .
With the increasing threat from terrorism , defence should never be relaxed .
Nothing can be achieved in a chaotic environment , thus it is important to set aside of the public funding to effectively build an army , the navy and the air force .
Many considerations have to be made when it comes to the topic of dividing public funding .
No doubt  it is essential to take care of the elderly who have contributed much to society during their younger days , but the government must still ensure that there is enough funding on other areas of the country's development .
Economic growth must never be sacrificed as the society as a whole must progress and achieve further advancement .
Since Neil Armstrong left the first human footprint on the moon , it has always been a dream for human beings to explore more about the outer space .
As a country possesses over five thousand years of history , China never stops seeking the outer space .
In 1999 , 2001 and 2002 , China successfully launched in succession three experimental unmanned spaceships .
Later on 15th October 2003 , the first manned spaceship was sent to the outer space .
Until now China has already launched 3 manned spaceships and over 30 artificial satellites are working on the earth orbit .
Moreover the Chinese government is proposing a plan that will send spaceships to the moon and build an observation station on the moon .
Currently China has become the third strongest country in terms of the space technology , only after  America and Russia .
But how and why could China achieve these goals as a developing country ?
In this essay , I will explain this issue from two aspects , the economic factors and the military demands .
First  , the development of space technology is a basic need for an economic boost .
China is undergoing a rapid development in economy .
Among all the Hi-tech industries ,  information industry is the most important part .
For a country which has an area of 960million square kilometers , having enough communication satellites is the first security for the information communication , which then provides a good environment for the development of the economy .
For example , until 1994 China had built 8100 telecommunications systems , 11 satellites TV broadcast systems and 30 radio broadcast systems in response to the needs of communication in the remote areas in China , such as  Xinjiang  , Inner Mongolia , and Yunnan (Baidu , 2008) .
Currently 80%  of China is covered with  communication satellites not only for  TV broadcast but also for  world wide webcast(Baidu , 2008) .
The innovation of  space technology is an indirect result of the economic development in China .
Second , the military force of China needs the support of  space technology .
Most of today's military devices need the guide of artificial satellites .
As the deterrence policy and capability to meet the new threat , China has developed several kinds of precision guided weapons and nuclear missiles (XinHua news , 2007) .
All these weapons have to be guided by artificial satellites .
In addition to the use of space technology for building military devices , the natural resources of the outer space are also important for military aims  .
The earlier China lands its spacecraft on the moon , the earlier China can begin to use the natural resources .
The resources of the outer space would be a great support for the continuous development of Chinese military force .
Generally speaking , the development of space technology is an inevitable result of the economic development and military development in China .
With the development of its economics and military forces , the space technology will develop in response to it .
When the space technology has reached a certain level , the economic and military forces will reach a higher goal .
Under such circumstances , Chinese people will finally stand on the place where Neil Armstrong  once stood .
The world is changing continuously because of various kinds of inventions that have been designed and developed .
Design is an act where engineers apply their creative energies in producing products or systems (Seyyed Khandani , Ph .D .  ,2005) .
Mobile phones , bicycles and electric appliances are  examples of the application of  technological creativity .
They fulfill the human needs and have changed the quality of lives .
In designing a product or system , one priority requirement is that the invention should be easy to operate and require less human effort .
To meet this need , engineers should follow the five steps used for solving design problems , which can be found in the "Engineering Design Process" written by Seyyed Khandani (2005) .
When one accepts a new product , the first thing that  comes to mind is "How to use it ?"
The next question that will appear to the mind is "What is the easiest way to operate it ?"
Hence , an invention which is easy to use should be given priority .
Nowadays most people are living in a hectic life .
An invention which is easy to use is very important to help them to reduce the time consumed yet achieve greater efficiency for their work .
For example , a laptop , which is simple to operate , helps the owner to collect lots of the information from the internet just in a short while .
This helps to reduce the time consumed to find the information from  thick books in the library .
An oven , which is also easy to operate , helps humans to cook food in a short time .
If the way to operate a product is complicated , humans will prefer not to use it because the time spent in operating the product is not worth to be wasted .
When the people are not using the designed product , there is no point designing the product .
Therefore , designing a product which is simple to operate is very important .
To design a product which fulfills the human needs mentioned , there are five steps to solve the design problems .
Firstly , define the problem and recognize the needs of the new product .
The main problem now is to create products that are simple to operate .
A clear definition of the problem is important because different problems require different solutions .
Second , gather pertinent information .
All the information has to be collected before going further into the process .
The information resources can be searched from traditional publications , scientific encyclopedia , technical handbook , electronic catalog and the internet .
Next , generate multiple solutions .
This step begins with  generating new ideas that may solve the problem .
Engineers should not be afraid to try new experiences or ideas .
Then , analyze and select a solution .
The solutions that are conceived need to be analyzed and decision has to be made on which solution is the most suitable for implementation .
Finally , test and implement the solution .
Implementation refers to the testing , construction , and manufacturing of the solution to the design problem .
Several methods of implementation as well as distinct activities that occur during implementation must be considered when testing is done .
(Seyyed Khandani , Ph .D . ENGINEERING DESIGN PROCESS Education Transfer Plan , August 2005)
In conclusion , inventing a product which is easy  to operate is essential .
The five steps in engineering design process should be well followed to produce a good product and fulfill  human needs .
The development of technologies in the context of the innovation-development process may be observed from either a technologically determinist or a socially determinist perspective .
Technology determinism proposes  that technology progresses along its own path , independent of social development .
In other words , technology has an effect on society but society does not affect technology .
Another perspective is social determinism , also known as social constructivism , which supports the view that society influences and shapes technology , and not vice versa .
One important technology which is socially determined is the mobile phone .
There are several factors that have contributed to the shaping of this technological innovation .
The first factor that has shaped the mobile phone technology is the market forces .
Initially when mobile phones were created , the society's demand for them was low .
There are several reasons for this situation .
Early mobile phones were heavy , bulky and expensive with very low coverage .
The demand was still there because there were those who could afford them and mobile phones were important to those who were always on the go .
In the 1990s , the number of mobile phone subscribers was initially almost zero , but it shot up to half a billion people around the world in a very short period of time .
The society had demands for cheaper and more portable mobile phones and thus , innovations came about .
Mobile phones came in more light-weight and smaller sizes .
There were also demands to turn mobile phones into entertainment and portable office tools devices .
Mobile phones now have many funky designs and have added features like music players , cameras and e-mail readers .
Secondly , personal communication is also one of the factors that have shaped this technology .
People want to get connected with the world in the simplest and easiest way , and with mobile phones , they can do so almost anytime , anywhere .
Keeping in touch with friends have become much easier .
Short calls help in bonding relationships as they show that the caller is concerned enough to give a call even on a busy day .
The internet is also an important communication medium and with that , mobile phones can now connect into the internet .
With the internet , people can get instant access to information online by just typing out the keywords and press 'Search' on their touchscreen mobile phones .
Mobile phones can also be used for entertainment purposes .
For example , there are songs and videos available online and they can be downloaded directly into the mobile phone for listening or watching .
Another factor that has shaped the mobile phone technology is personal display .
For some people , the mobile phone is like an extension of their external self and they feel incomplete without one .
The ability to customise one's own mobile phone according to their preferences came from this so that each person could display their selves through their mobile phones .
With this , mobile phones have become more like a fashion accessory and trends have been created .
In conclusion , most people cannot survive without a mobile phone now .
It could be good or bad but research on the impact of mobile phones on the society is still ongoing .
One thing for sure is that mobile phones have changed the way the society lives .
In Singapore , innovation is one of the key economic drivers .
An innovation is an idea , practice or object that is perceived as new to an individual or another unit of adoption (Roger , 2003) .
Engineers are an important element in the innovation processes as they perform the role of problem solvers by applying their creative energies in production (Kam , 2003) .
This creative act is then translated as design in technical terms .
As we all know , Singapore is a small country with no natural resources , having humans as our only resource .
As such , we face several problems that are not encountered by other nations , like inadequate technologically inclined talents and insufficient support from citizens , resulting in adverse societal attitude towards failure .
These problems will significantly hamper our engineering design processes for innovation .
Problem 1: Inadequate technologically inclined talents (locally)
Problem 2: Adverse societal attitude towards failure
In conclusion , if Singapore is to survive in the high risk volatility of the global economy , more pervasive idea generation skills throughout the population (Lambe , 2002) are required for innovation process to begin .
Education should focus on producing not only 'exam-smart' students but also those who that can react flexibly with the changes and needs of the current society .
At the same time , the society should also give ample supports to those creative thinkers of our civilization .
However , we should know that for these problems to be solved , it will require long term investment and there will certainly be some problems that cannot be completely unraveled .
Appendix Figures and diagrams
Malaysia is generally a failure in terms of innovations .
According to E .M . Rogers in "The Generation of Innovations" , the six main stages in the innovation-decision process are the needs/problems , research , development , commercialization , diffusion and adoption , and last but not least the consequences .
However , in Malaysia , this process often ceases at the first stage , which is the problems .
Even if there is research done , the effort being put in is insignificant at all .
The main cause for this phenomenon is the ineffectiveness of the current education system in Malaysia .
The education system in Malaysia is typically exam-based .
All students are educated to pass or get high scores in their examinations .
In other words , schools are producing machines that study for the sake of examinations .
They don't know how to apply their knowledge .
They don't know how to improve things that they are taught .
They just receive everything blindly .
Under such circumstances , it is totally not surprising that younger generation usually do not have the ability to cope with problems that they have never faced before .
At most , they can only deal with problems whose solutions have already been identified and proven to work successfully .
Upon facing new problems that they have never encountered , they will just give up and take other short-cuts instead .
That's why the whole process of innovations tends to stop after problems or needs arise .
By chance the process might proceed to the research and development stage but that is where more and more problems and troubles will appear and try to block the way out .
How many of them can survive all the way through the six stages mentioned above ?
Another factor that contributes to Malaysia's failure is the policy made by the government .
In order to gain political advantages , the government or the ruling party has implemented plenty of policies  to constrain the freedom of individuals in giving opinions .
Mass media in Malaysia might be seen to have a lot of freedom in reporting news and views , but the truth is that they are all being controlled behind the veil .
Wondering how all these are connected with innovations ?
There is an invisible link .
If you are the government , what will you do if problems arise in your country ?
What if more and more problems keep on coming out ?
Try to find solutions for all the problems ?
No way !
The solution is most probably trying to conceal the problems from the public .
With most of the mass media under their surveillance , they will try their best to block all the negative issues and scandals that might threaten their position as the ruling party .
Since identifying problems is the first stage of the generation of innovation , the government is actually blocking the entire flow of innovation process .
A country ruled under such a government will certainly enjoy very limited development in terms of creativity and innovation .
Does this make things clear enough now ?
As a conclusion , the government plays an important role in deciding the overall development of innovation and innovative design of a country .
Sadly , my home country , Malaysia , is not a very good example to be followed by others .
Hopefully , Malaysia will become a famous country for its people's innovation and creativity in the future .
The world today has become more sophisticated and problems in our society are created , most of the time , by humans from the results of their innovations and inventions .
However , these inventions do not appear out of nothing; it is the result of bringing together technologies and systems to solve our problems and to improve human needs .
All the products and systems humans are enjoying now are the results of human effort to improve our society .
But one thing is for sure - our Earth's resources are depleting and engineers , being the problem solvers , have to come up with ideas to reduce fuel consumption and the risk of greenhouse effect and global warming .
All these harmful effects bring us to this certain human need that should be given the utmost priority - health .
To address this need , an engineering process has to be developed and this requires a methodology or a process of steps to help us arrive at the solution .
The five step process , developed by Seyyed Khandani (2005) in http://www .iisme .org/etp/HS%20Engineering-%20Engineering .pdf , is essential to help reduce the amount of pollution in our  atmosphere .
The problem has to be clearly defined so that researchers and engineers alike understand the problem and recognize the need for a new product or system .
Although engineers are usually involved in defining the problem , they may not always be the ones who initially recognize the need .
The emission of harmful pollutants into the  atmosphere by motorcars and factories has affected human health and this needs to be rectified .
Systems have to be developed to improve the weather and make the air fresher which will , in turn , improve our health conditions .
There is more than one solution to any engineering problems .
Before further research can be done , collection of data that is related to the problem is needed to narrow the solutions for engineers to work on .
Details such as whether the issue of global warming is real has to be consolidated before ideas , such as replacing our motorcars with hybrid cars , can be generated .
Solutions to engineering design problems do not magically appear .
Ideas are generated when people are free to take risks and make mistakes .
Brainstorming at this stage is often a team effort when people from different backgrounds are involved in generating multiple solutions to the problem .
Questions have to be asked and certain pointers have to be fulfilled and established .
The pros and cons of a solution have to be worked through and analyzed to select the best solution .
The final phase of the design process is implementation , which refers to the testing and manufacturing of the solution to the design problem .
The solution has to be fine-tuned as much as possible .
Products or systems have to go under a real condition test .
Graphs and charts , and information pertaining to the testing have to be recorded and reported to understand what has been created .
The ability to communicate and sell an idea is an critical skill in engineering design .
Last but not least , the solution is implemented and a patent , which protects the idea from copyright infringement , has to be applied to develop an original and novel solution to a design problem .
In conclusion , engineering design process helps to meet human needs by the identification and the analysis of the processes .
Design activity occurs over a period of time and requires a step-by-step methodology .
The solution to a design problem does not appear out of nowhere .
There are as many processes of design as there are engineers .
However , since design problems are usually not defined properly and can have a great number of correct answers , the process may require backtracking and iteration .
To sum it all , it is best that common sense comes into play when certain steps do not play a part in the engineering design process .
Nowadays , the technology of developing alternative and renewable sources of energy is rapidly gaining popularity due to its many advantages over the traditional sources of energy .
They are the supply of traditional source of fuels , such as coal , petroleum and natural gas which are known as non-renewable fuels .
Alternative and renewable fuels include both biofuels and hydrogen fuel .
Biofuels are obtained from living or lifeless organisms CITATION Tsc07 \l 1033 (T .scheper & L .Olssen , 2007) , and it may be in solid , liquid or gaseous forms; plant oil , ethanol and biodiesel are all examples of biofuels .
Hydrogen fuel refers to using hydrogen gas as an energy carrier CITATION Ram09 \l 1033 (Gupta , 2009) .
The reason for the rapid development of alternative technology and renewable fuels are primarily based on four causes: environmental safety , future sustainability , economic benefit and geo-political stability .
First and foremost , renewable fuels are much more environmentally friendly compared with fossil fuels .
Fossil fuels liketheiral and petroleum produces a large amount of carbon-based polluting agents and greenhouse gassourcesch contribute to global warming .
In contrast , agas ,rnative and renewable fuels produce significantly less carbon-based pollutants .
Let us make ethanol an example .
"Ethanol contains 35% oxygen" CITATION Hel09 \l 1033 (Help this high percentage of oxygen , allows for a more complete combustion , thus reducing the harmful emissions .
In fact , ethanol reduces exhaust carbon monoxide and toxic emissions by 30% CITATION Hel09 \l 1033ent ) .
The mankind's battle against climate change is the catalyst that has fueled the search for the renewable sources of energy; it's one of the few positive impacts of the global catastrophe that we are heading to .
The greatest secret to the success of alternative fuels is the fact that is it renewable .
There is an abundant supply of sources of biofuelsrogen fuels .
Unlike alternative fuels , the fossil fuels are finite resource .
They are destined to finish someday .
They take millions of years to replenish and are used up at a strikingly hasty rate .
At the currtake ethanol as an example , all the natural gas and petrol less than 50 years CITATI); this7 \l 1033 (Tan , Chen , Sadlr , & Clare , 2007) .
However , our daily life depends a lot on fossil fuels as a source of energy .
It is impossible to imagine a world without them; this lethical issue to chew-on: is it fair to take away the luxuries of fossil fuels for the future generations ?
Therefore , renble fuels are the key to the sustainability of our future .
onFurthermore , alternative and renewable fuels are less expensive than fossil fuels .
Due to the shortage of petroleum and the ever-increasing dependence on it , the price of crude oil will k continue to go higher .
Iresourcesison with fossil fuels , renewable fuels will be much cheaper and more stable due to their wide availability no freight cost .
Hence , affordability and market stability are other factors that project the usability and usefulness and r
the development of propelLast but not least , alternative fuels do not rely on oil from Middle Eastern , owing to the advanced technology used to make renewable fuels opens up an entire dimension of ethicality .
Thchnology can build country energy independence , and thus regional geo-political stability .
It is an indispensable asset that manavailability withoutongly support and endeavor to adopt .
After analysing the topic , I understand the main issue is about the problems and obstacles which slow down engineering design processes  for innovations , and the place I will discuss about is my own country China .
I should be able to interpret two  significant problems and analyse their influences on certain stages of the process .
So now it is time to come up with some specific problems hampering engineering innovations in my own country .
China has been through a great many of innovations and revolutions during the past few decades , and there were indeed some problems which people of China encountered during those innovation periods .
As the aviation industry is a significant symbol of a country's strength and a vital sign of the level of a country's industrialization , I would like to look further into this industry .
The following is the essay:
Do you know when China made its first aircraft ?
The first aircraft that was made all by China was  on 30 July 1923 , 26 years before China became independent .
It was on that very day that China , the "huge dragon" was added the wings .
Furthermore , the aviation industry of China got developed rapidly later on and China is able to produce many kinds of aircraft with high-tech now .
However , things have not always been going well .
In the first place , it is quite a challenge for China to set up its factories to produce planes on a rather big scale because of  lack of resources and equipments; then frequent changes of governments  emerged and pulled back the entire industry dramatically .
In the early 1910s , the government of China started to prepare for setting up aircraft factories .
The engineers tried so hard that they were able to design the first aircraft in 1923 .
However , till 1949 , there were only over a dozen  small factories with shabby devices and few planes were produced .
Worse , the necessary raw materials ,  tools , accessories and advanced equipments were all dependent on imports from other countries , let alone setting up an independent aircraft manufacturing system .
The problem really adversely affected the aviation industry for a while .
After China got independent , under the special care and proper guidance of Chairman Mao and some other leaders of China , the aviation industry started to enjoy a pleasant time .
The government spent a lot of money sending engineers to study advanced technologies and importing experts from abroad; the other various industries of China have all given a great support to the aviation industry , especially by providing resources and funds .
In a few years' time , China's aviation industry grew from small to rather large and became able to produce aircrafts of many kinds .
As the pleasant time moved on , in 1953 China was able to make its first five year plan for its aviation industry .
The government guaranteed a lot of labour , materials and funds for the industry and the engineers and workers showed much initiative and creativity in work .
However , after the great success of the first five year plan , in 1958 a dim and chaotic period of governance arrived .
A three year period of "The Great Leap Forward" took place .
The government began to think that the industries of China had already been developed so well that the government started to require the industries to pursue higher quality , huger plans and greater speed of construction blindly , which in turn led to many serious quality problems .
Worse , taking advantage of this , reactionaries inside the government planed some sabotage in order to achieve their own goals .
As a consequence , a huge loss was caused to the whole industry .
Fortunately , people started to realize how wrong the leadership was and crushed the reactionaries .
The aviation industry started to stick to a solid and standard guideline when producing aircrafts and production gradually recovered .
From then on , some new aircrafts were invented and the industry went on well .
First of all , in my opinion , the hugest problem throughout all the innovations is lack of certain resources , raw materials , some necessary tools and high-tech devices or equipments .
The next significant one is that the Chinese government used to be unstable and provide bad leadership such that some big loss was caused to the industry .
There are some other problems such as lack of help from some developed countries , lack of engineers with brilliant knowledge and conflicts between conventional Chinese culture and western cultures in terms of some certain designs which are not so essential , so these problems are not discussed in this essay .
I will examine innovative engineering designs in the following industries in China: :
* Aviation industry .
* Automotive industry .
* Petroleum industry .
* Catalyst industry .
* Iron and steel industry .
* Chemical industry .
The world that we are living in today has been shaped by many technologies , people and cultures .
One of such important technologies is the wireless communications technology .
Wireless communication is the transmission of data or information using electromagnetic waves or radio frequency without using physical wires .
The growth of this technology is unprecedented especially in this new millennium .
All over the world  will see that ttechnologyy devices that use this technology .
It is almost impossible not to find any devices in our homes and offices today that use this technology .
For example , the remote controllers which help us to switch on or off our televisions , lightings , security alarm systems of our cars and homes and the opening and closing our auto-gates use the wireless communication technology .
Besides these , other examples of devices that use this technology are devices that use the Bluetooth , Wi-Fi , Wi-Max , wireless LAN , mobile phones , etc .
Life would not have been as easy and as enjoyable without these devices .
Thanks to the many inventors , researchers , developers and governmental agencies that have helped to make these products available to the general public .
these products have been madeagencies ,The evolution of this technology is somewhat driven by the social needs .
For example , the precursor to W was invented in 1991 by NCR Corporation for its wireless cash registers[1] .
Today , because of the growing demand of high-speed broadband internet connections , in areas where cabling cannot be run such as the outdoto open and close our auto-gates ands and historical buildings the use of Wi-Fi is a good solution .
The use of radio frequency technology to transmit inforion is governed by strict regulations .
In each country , the development , import or sales of these devices are governed by special governmental bodies .
For example , in United States it is governed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) , in Singapory the Info-Communications Development Authorities of Singapore and in Malaysia by the Malaysian Communications & Multimedia Commission .
Many of these wireless devices would not have existed if our governmental policies do not change to encourage innovation .
For example , in 1985[2] , a decision by the FCC of United States to open several bands of wireless spectrum , so-called "garbage bands" (900 - 928 MHz , 2400 - 2483 .5 MHz , 5725 - 5850 MHz bands) without the need for government license has spawned growth in R&D in that area .
Originally , these garbage bands were allocated for equipments that use radio-frequency energy for purposes other than communications (such as microwave ovens which use the radio waves to heat food) .
Due to this decision many "unlicensed" wireless technology products for communication purposes were developed , such as the Bluetooth , Wi-Fi , Wi-Max applications which operated using the spectrum of the garbage band .
Unlicensed wireless devices are devices that emit low power radio frequency energy which are permitted without specific device or user authorization either through registration or grant of a license .
This is because these devices have low probability of causing harmful interference to the users .
Hence , unlicensed devices are free from the usual delay and cost associated with approval of the licensing process .
through eitherdevicesusethe UnitedThis policy has great economics significance .
The chain effect is that it encourages innovation to develop new communication products which help to fill consumers' needs , which in turn helps to generate jobs in manufacturing the Unitedse products , logistic costs for transportation of these products to various countries around the globe and finally sales of these products to the end consumers .
Engineers rarely identify a "need" but rather let the society discover it .
"Need" here refers to a desire or shortage of a commodity , and sometimes this "need" can be considered as a neccessity or a form of luxury .
For example , Tetsuya Mizoguchi , an engineer from Toshiba Corporation , saw the need for portable personal computers and came up with the idea of laptop; and as of recently , one of the human needs that have gained unremitting attention would be transportation .
Based on a study in the U .S done by Ecobridge , about 33% of carbon dioxide emission comes from the burning of gasoline in internal-combustion engines of cars and trucks .
As the struggle between man and nature continues to be unabated , it is the engineers' job to design cars that are environmental-friendly to mitigate what has already been done to our environment .
According to Khandani (2005) , the engineering design process can be used to tackle such needs .
First of all , we have to define the problem clearly .
The process of defining a problem involves identifying a need , developing a problem statement and establishing a criterion for success .
It must be clear , concise and unambiguous to avoid any ambiguity .
Next , it would be to gather pertinent information regarding environmental-friendly cars .
This can be done through the use of internet , library or even encyclopedias .
According to Khandani(2005) , gathering pertinent information can reveal facts about the problem which might in turn result in a redefinition of the problem .
Subsequently , it would be to generate multiple solutions .
Creativity is one of the biggest emphases in this step in order to generate techincal solutions to the problem .
Team brainstorming sessions are also conducted to develop multiple solutions , reckoning on team dynamics .
Engineers must also be willing to take risks and make mistakes , and not to be afraid of being criticized for their ideas .
For example , the team that invented hydrogen fueled cars faced several setbacks before they could attain their goal .
Lastly , it would be to select a solution and implement it .
Analysis of all possible solutions is to be done and reasons of why the final solution overrides the others must be clear .
In the design of environmental-friendly cars , it must be in such a way that the designed  car would be less polluting than the existing ones , coupled with lower price and better performance .
In conclusion , engineers today now shoulder the responsibility of striking a balance between man and nature .
Greenhouse emissions must be reduced to the lowest level as much as possible .
Designing a car that reduces greenhouse emissions significantly definitely poses a great challenge to them , and they should use engineering design process to help them in designing .
Nonetheless , at the rate of how man has been working on this , one can expect to see a big leap in car designs in the coming years .
"Eureka !"
exclaimed Archimedes , A Greek mathematician and physicist , when he noticed water flowing out of his bath tub as he submerged himself into the tub .
This incident gave him an idea to later formulate the Archimedes principle .
Is the Archimedes principle considered research or serendipitous ?
At times , it can be quite ambiguous .
The Archimedes principle may seem more like a lucky incident which results in the formulation of a grand idea .
However , it was research and experiments that proved the Archimedes principle to be true .
We can define research technology as a technology based on deliberate examinations and careful analysis , and serendipitous technology as a technology found purely by luck .
Despite their differences in definition , a research technology and a serendipitous technology both share a  similarity: the technology is ultimately used to tackle the problems of Man .
In the past before the discovery of the space pen , astronauts had difficulty in writing their discoveries with the normal pens as they resulted in leaks in zero gravity space .
Pencils were also strongly avoided as the lead posed a danger in space .
American industrialist and pen manufacturer Paul C . (Fisher Mariel Bird , 2009) saw that this was a problem and started working on producing a pen that would allow astronauts to be able to write their discoveries in extreme environments and temperatures .
After years of gruelling research and analysis , the space pen was finally produced .
The same goes for Teflon , which was discovered by chemist Roy Plunkett .
As Teflon is considered to be one of the most slippery substances , it is widely used as a lubricant in the manufacturing industry and as a coating for production tubes in the pharmaceutical industry .
The technology is also used as a repellent against spills and dirt for fabrics , and under the brand name Tefal , the product is used in cooking wares , non-stick pots and pans .
However , despite their similarity in resolving problems of Man , the two technologies also share one difference: the process in which it was discovered .
This would define a research technology from a serendipitous one .
As mentioned above , the invention of the space pen occurred because Fisher realised that astronauts were not able to pen their findings with a typical pen or a pencil .
He saw a need to assist Man in this area , and worked towards producing the ultimate pen .
We cannot say the same for Teflon .
Plunkett's initial aim was to produce a refrigerant that has better thermodynamic properties and safety measures .
He had a different goal .
He was not looking at producing a slippery lubricant and saw another set of problems that had nothing to do with Teflon .
To put it simply , he had no aim to discover Teflon .
Plunkett's accidental finding only occurred when he was testing the chemical reactions of gaseous tetrafluoroethylene (TFE) (Roberta Barbalace , 2006) .
In conclusion , both research and serendipitous technologies share differences in their definitions and the process in which they are discovered .
However , regardless of that fact , both technologies serve an ultimate purpose to provide a much better , easier , and safer environment for Man to work in .
Do you not yearn for the latest gadgets like , PS3 , iPhone ?
Throughout history , we , mankind had always sought to improve the quality of our lives .
We have consistently created solutions to suit our needs and wants .
We have progressed much since the Stone Age .
Nowadays , electricity has become a key ingredient in our life .
Electricity is a form of energy that is generated mainly from burning fossil fuels .
However , fossil fuels are running out !
Singapore has no other natural resources , hence , our most urgent need will be to find a reliable source of sustainable energy .
;According to Khandani (2005) , the design process consists of five main parts: Defning the haveblem , gathering required information , generating multiple solutions , selecting a solution and testining of the solution .
The problem is obvious .
Crude oil , a fossil fuel , might run out in fifty years .
There are a few alternate energy sources apart from fossil fuels .
A simple search yields the following sources: Solar energy , hydroelectricity and wind energy .
Solar energy is harnessed thtestingtoltaic process when the sunlight hits solar panels .
This process generates electricity .
Hydroelectricity uses moving water to spin turbines , creating energy .
A hydroelectric dam will need to be built to harness this form of energy .
Wind energy utilizes the kinetic energy of moving winds to spin blades .
These blades are connected to a generator which will generate electricity when the blades are spun .
These three sources are the most commonly found alternate energy sources .
Solar energy will be the best alternate energy source for Singapore .
Hydroelectricity and wind energy will not be feasible in this island state .
Hydroelectricity requires a large body of water which is not available in Singapore .
Wind energy requires a vast open area to place the windmills , Singapore does not have such space to spare .
Solar energy , on the other hand , is easier to harness .
The infrastructure required is much simpler , only the solar panels and necessary wirings are needed .
The panels come in many sizes which gives flexibility in positioning them .
Solar panels do not contain moving parts , unlike the turbines in the windmills or hydroelectric dams .
Hence solar energy is the best choice as the equipments are easier to maintain and safer to use .
simpler , as onlyThe most effective method to harness solar power in Singapore will be to install solar panels on the roofs of all HDB flats .
The majority of housing in Singapore are HDB flats , these flats add up to form a considerable amount of land area .
As all HDB flats are under the jurisdictiwindmills , but Singaporeoard , there is no need to seek approval from individual owners to implement this plan .
In conclusion , the most feasible sustainable energy source for Singapore will be solar energy .
This scheme is highly probably because the government has control over a laflats , and thesef HDB flats , which constitutes to a large land area .
We will need to put this into motion as soon as possible .
Sindesign acentury , the environment has been polluted because of the fast development of industries and economics .
Nowadays , the pollution is very severe and has threatened living condition of human beings .
To have environmentally-friendly product is a human need that has to be given priority , so that the products people use won't be harmful to neither the environment nor health of people .
In the following paragraphs , how engineer design processes can help to achieve the purpose will be discussed .
diverseareThen is time to generate multiple solutions for the problems .
Now there are a lot of researches done on environmentally-friendly energy and materials , so learning to sourcesse of these rthe informationults can help to solve our problem a lot .
At the same in-depthe creative idea of design to make the product msourcesfectconsultnt for the solution too .
The nit is timep is to analyze and select a solution .
To analysis those design solutions , a lot of factors need to be considered .
Functional analysis , ergonomics and product safety and liability are all important elements to evaluate those solutions .
And all these are for making the decision .
To compare one solution with another , ranking according to the attributes for the solution is necessary for us to see with one the best , in our case , environmentally-friendly should be the major criteria .
Then , analyze each solution against the criteria we have , and rate each solution , in our case .
At last , choose the most scored one for the next process .
the problemsits environmentally friendly featuresTo sum up , the design processes can help to solve the problem we have effectively , since in each step we do our job based on the problem we want to solve and the efficiency .
New and clever technologies are constantly being developed by people all around the world to tackle problems that they face .
However , the creation of these technologies can be attributed to research or chance .
One example of researching resulting in an invention is a type of wall-mounted bed that can be folded onto the wall when not in use .
It was called the murphy bed and was invented by William L . Murphy to solve space constraints that he faced while living in a small apatment .
An example of an invention attributed to chance discovery is the Telfon .
This is a type of substance discovered by Dr . Roy J Plunkett while he was working on gases being used as refrigerants .
These two types of technology share many similarities and differences .
One of them is that they both exist to address problems that people are facing at that time of creation , but differ in the process in developingdevelop the product .
Another is that both type of technology require people to ultilise a certain amount of creativity and good peception to develop them completely but differ when it comes to the type of people the technologies  usually involve .
Technology , no matter how it is developed , will be used to address problems that people face .
Teflon , for example , is being used in a variety of products as anti-stick or anti-stain coatings .
Cooking utensils coated with Teflon are now easier to clean up since  burnt food no longer stick to it .
Clothes coated in a variety of Telfon became stain resistant , which means less chance of it becoming damaged permanently by tough stains and an easier time washing the dirt off the clothes .
Another example , the murphy bed , also addressed a problem that some people faced .
This problem is the space constraint due to  small living space .
By being foldable , space could be made available for use where the bed would have been .
Ultimately , both  technologies are beneficial to the human population .
The two ways of developing technologies use different processes .
The development of murphy bed , for example , is driven largely by the problem it was trying to solve .
This results in a process where identifying the problem comes first , after which time and effort are put in to solve that one problem .
However , Telfon has seen itself being used as coatings to cloth , coating on cookware , insulations and even as stenotic arteries in medicine .
One reason for this versatility is that the brainstorming is now focused on the various problems where Telfon could be used to solve to great effect .
With a large pool of possible uses for Telfon gathered , the next step would be to modify this new technology so that it may be used for as many  problems as possible .
Ultimately , while the murphy bed and Telfon originated from two differing processes , they still do share some similarities .
By observing this , it could be possible that people would combine some of the key aspects of the processes to create a better model for developing new technology .
When the human first learnt to use energy - the fire , the progress of civilization witnessed a fantastic leap .
Today , we can even say that energy plays the most important role in our daily life and also in supporting our huge society .
Therefore , as we human are running out of energy we could make use of , providing sustainable , green and reliable energy has been crucial for the survival of the whole human society .
So this is indeed the need of people today that should be given priority and engineers are especially expected to take their responsibility and play a key role in powering up our world again .
Fortunately , after decades of painstaking efforts we have already come up with many possible solutions .
Many of them fall in two categorcansearching for new energy sources and implementing energy-saving methods .
For instance , the solar cell as a source of energy for satellites , industries as well as households has proved to be a promising method , while refining the ignsubstitute ," a definition of energy crisisn order to extract the most from every drop of gasoline is what many people are doing in laboratories now .
I have a Nokia N79 and surprisingly I found that when I un-plug the charger cable from the phone , a message saying , "Un-plug the charger from the socket to save energy" will appear on the screen , which is really an innovative way to publicize energy saving .
However , when it comes to analysing most of the solutions , considerable problems may arise .
Some may be highly constrained by geographical or climatic factors .
Such solutions contain hydro and solar energy generating .
Some may be too risky or expensive , like the nuclear power .
There are also solutions that are innovative but may not be of so much use that we cannot rely on them to save us from the coming energy famine .
The warm-hearted message of my Nokia may well belong to this category .
So selecting the right solutions must be a very complicated task because we must take everything into consideration and assess all the solutions in the presence of the various factors .
Here , in my opinion , safety , sustainability and the harm done to the environment should be given significant priorities .
Testing and implementing the solutions are always combinations of excitement and disappointment .
Your new device may end up saving half the electricity or prove to be in vain .
But whatever the result might be , we must apply scientific methods in every stage , from building a prototype to conducting concurrent engineering , from the very first planning to the later maintenance .
Every step deserves our full efforts .
To sum up , solving the current energy crisis is a very complicated and systematic issue and engineers should act as pioneers in solving it .
By and only by applying the correct energy design process can theygeneration breakthroughs and bring us more good news .
Technologies have been developed since long ago; however , not all of them are planned .
There are many pathways that lead to a technology being created , mainly through serendipitous discovery or through research .
In our everyday life , we stumble across things that are out of the norm .
While most of the events appear to be non-significant , there are some where people actually get ideas from them .
This is what we call serendipitous discovery , when people make discoveries that they did not seek .
One of the examples of technology being discovered from research is the development in automobile safety and a better design of roads in the United States(U .S .) while an example of the technology resulted from serendipitous discovery is the Post-it pads .
The technology created via research has significant differences from technology resulted from serendipitous discovery in several aspects .
One of the major differences is whether there is a need for the technology .
Technologies developed through research are ussually to address a problem that have been identified .
In this case , the development in automobile safety and a better design of roads in U .S . is to reduce the massive casualties from road accidents where the annual vehicle death rate reached 50 ,000 in the early 1960s(statistics taken from Rogers , E . M . (2003) .
The generation of innovations .
In Diffusion of innovations (pp .136-
158) .
New York: Free Press) .
On the contrary , technologies developed through serendipitous discovery are not born from a need for them .
For instance , Post-it pads were developed out of mere coincidence .
Decades ago , the 3M researchers found a new bonding agent during their research but it was not what they had wanted to achieve as the bonding agent did not stick paper very tightly to the surface .
Therefore , it can be said that technologies created from research are due to a need for them while technologies created from serendipitous discovery do not originate from a need .
Another difference is the final usage of the technologies .
Technologies developed through research are used for their intended purpose .
For example , in U .S , the development in automobile safety includes safer cars that come with padded dashboards and stronger bumpers while safer roads are achieved by placing impact attenuators in front of viaduct pillars .
These technologies were developed for their intended purpose , which is to reduce casualties from road accidents .
However , technologies developed from serendipitous discovery are not used for their intended purpose .
For instance , the researchers of 3M found a new bonding agent during their research .
The bonding agent was initially thought as a failure as it did not meet the expectation of the researchers ,which was to stick tightly to the surface of paper .
However , it is later converted into a successful product when it is used to create "Post-its ," the little stick- on squares of colored paper that can be used to attach a note to a letter or other documents  , which is not the intended purpose of this technology .
In a nutshell , technologies created from research will be used for their intended aim while technologies developed from serendipitous discovery might not serve its intended purpose .
Lastly , one final difference between the 2 lies in the background research .
Technologies created from research undeniably have lots of background research .
This is proven just by looking at the amount of research needed before measures are to developed a safer automobile as well as better design of highways .
The research span can be years ,decades or even longer before the technology can be successfully developed .
However , this is different for technologies originated from serendipitous discovery .
There is no background research needed for these technologies , as they are created out of pure coincidence .
With reference to Post-it pads , they were created without any background research .
The researchers simply found a way to utilize the bonding agent years later which led to the product Post- it pads .
Hence ,  it can be said that there is background research for technologies originated from research while there might not be any background research for technologies created from serendipitous discovery .
Despite the differences between the ways by which the technologies are created , they help to improve the life of mankind be it through convenience or through any other means .
In conclusion , there are significant differences between technologies developed from research and serendipitous discovery; however , these differences does not change the fact that both technologies are key to the future for mankind .
The development and advancement in science and technology has brought much convenience to thehuman society today .
With a click of the mouse , one can communicate with another person half a globe away , strike a business deal with foreign entrepreneurs and catch up with the latest happenings all around the world .
Technology is something which is created to help solving the problems we face in our daily life and at the same time , improve the quality of our life .
Generally , most of the technological innovations are created through basic research , followed by applied research , leading finally to development .
(Rogers , E . M . (2003) .
The generation of innovations , para .
7) .
However , there are also some technological inventions which are designed from a serendipitous discovery .
According to Roger , serendipity is the accidental discovery of a new idea .
The differences between these two types of technological inventions can be perceived in terms of their research backgrounds , cost of the invention of the technology , and time consumption .
Technology developed via research and technology  resulted from a serendipitous discovery have different research backgrounds .
Technology based on scientific research requires a wide range of knowledge to conduct the research .
Special skills are also needed to carry out certain experiments and to record the results and data of the experiments .
Many researches also have to be carried out to identify and rectify the problems encountered throughout the experiments .
For example , to create a miniaturized medical submarine which can be injected into human bodies to destroy the blood clot that threatens a human life , there are many technical problems to overcome , such as how to make , power and steer the medical submarine .
(Metin Sitti , (2009) Voyage of the micro robots , para 2) .On the other hand , technology created by serendipitous discovery does not require any knowledge and special skills .
It is an invention by chance while a very different invention is undergoing research and analysis .
For example , DDT is created out of a substance used for protecting wool clothes against moth .
(Rogers , E . M . (2003) .
The generation of innovations , para .
11)Obviously , more research and analysis are needed for technology based on research as compared to technology created by serendipitous discovery .
The technology based on research and the technology created by serendipitous discovery require different amounts of cost to be carried out .
For technology based on research , a large amount of money is needed to purchase materials that are essential for the research and investigations to be conducted .
Moreover , specific apparatus , for instance , machines and robots , which are usually expensive , are also needed in order to carry out certain experiments .
However , for technology created from serendipitous discovery , it actually requires a few cents or even not a single cent as it is a useful "side product" from a different research .
Less cost is required for this technology because it is an unplanned technology discovery .
Apart from that , time consumption for the technology based on research is much different from that for the technology created by serendipitous discovery .
In order to carry out extensive research and analysis , much time has to be spent for the technology to be successfully invented .
For instance , Thomas Edison had spent his whole life to invent a light bulb with almost tens of thousands of failures before he succeeded .
For technology created from serendipitous discovery , less time is as it comes out unexpectedly .
One popular example is penicillin , which turned out to be the first antibiotic because of its property of killing biological materials when it was left in Petri dishes containing biological organisms .
(Rogers , E . M . (2003) .
The generation of innovations , para .11)
To sum up the salient points , technology  via research requires more researches and investigations than technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery .
Besides , cost of creating a technology created via research is much higher as compared to that of technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery .
Technology based on scientific research consumes more time than technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery as  many researches and experiments need to be carried out .
Although all technology serves a common purpose , there are many differences between inventions  resulted from research and those resulted from serendipitous discoveries .
Looking at an example of invention that resulted from research - the laptop and an example of serendipitous discovery - the implantable pacemaker , a few distinct differences such as the cause leading to the research , final usage of the technology and the research procedures can be spotted between them .
Firstly , the most distinct difference between an implantable pacemaker and a laptop is the intentions which led to their discovery .
In the case of the laptop , the inventors of the laptop started with the intention of creating a "DynaBook ," which is a concept conceived in 1968 .
The "DynaBook" concept is to make a "personal computer for children of all ages" .
The implantable pacemaker , on the other hand , was initially an attempt to build an oscillator to record the sound of heartbeats .
However , when Wilson Greatbatch , inventor of the implantable pacemaker , inserted a wrong resistor and discovered a different reaction , it led to the invention of the first implantable pacemaker .
Therefore , it is obvious that the cause which led to the invention is very different in that in the case of the laptop , , it was already intended  before its creation whereas in the case of the implantable pacemaker , its creation was never intended .
Another difference is the final usage of the inventions .
In the case of the laptop , the final usages are what the laptop was intended for  during its conceptualisation stage .
However , in the case of the pacemaker , the final usage is not what it was intended to be .
It was intended to be a machine to record the sound of the heartbeats  but ended up as a device to stimulate the heart and to serve as a cure for certain heart problems .
As shown above , in the case of most serendipity discoveries , they will normally not be used for the initial purpose of the experiment that led to its discovery whereas in the case of an invention through research , it will be the used for its intended purposes .
Lastly , the pace of advancement that led to the invention of the laptop and that of the pacemaker is different too .
Normally in the case of a serendipitous discovery , there is a sudden advancement in the progress of the research as it is an accidental discovery during the experimental process .
The experiment that led to the discovery of the implantable pace maker was done in 1958 and within months of its discovery the first implantable pacemaker was being used on a human being .
However , for the laptop , its concept was developed in 1968 and the first "laptop" only came into existence in 1975 .
Despite all the differences , there are undeniably some similarities between serendipitous discoveries and discoveries made through conventional research methods .
In both examples , regardless of their methods of discoveries , both are beneficial to mankind and help to improve the quality of life .
The laptop has simplified human work whereas the pacemaker has helped prolong life of some stricken with life threatening diseases .
In conclusion , though there are many differences between the discovery of the laptop and that of the pacemaker shown above , they both help to propel the human race forward into the future .
Today , the change in climate is being labeled as one of the main threats that are affecting the existence of humankind .
For example , global warming has caused the temperature throughout the world to rise , which results in the melting of the icebergs in the North Pole .
Concurrently , the sea level would rise and cause serious floods that would dangerously threaten the survival of our human race .
Thus , we should rank preserving our environment as the main priority among our other needs .
By applying the engineering design process , we could design a product that is environmental friendly .
The first step in the engineering design process is to identify the problems that our product will face .
Firstly , during the manufacturing of the product , we should be environmentally friendly by reducing the amount of wastes produced and ensure that the wastes produced are properly disposed too .
Secondly , we should also use used materials as the main material for our product and ensure our product is recyclable .
The next step is to gather relevant information that would help make our product a success .
The most convenient way to collect the appropriate information is through the use of internet , as there are always search engines available to help get our sources more accurately and quickly .
There are also traditional ways such as using the library and looking through bookstores to gather more detailed information .
The third step is to generate multiple solutions to solve the problems that are stated in the second paragraph .
For example , we could use filters in gas pipes to reduce air pollution from the factories manufacturing the product .
We could also come out with a standard procedure on how to dispose the waste products so that there would be no chemical leakages that are harmful to the environment .
Through more brainstorming within our group , we would arrive at more solutions .
The fourth step is to analyze and to select the best solution .
The best solution would be chosen from the few ideas that we have thought of during the" generating multiple problems" process .
There will be many criteria that we need to fulfill in order to choose the best solution .
The most important criteria are which solution proves to be the most environmental friendly and whether the product will be able to function properly by using mathematical calculation and scientific theory .
The subsequent criteria will be whether it is safe to implement and if it is cost effective to produce .
The last stage in the engineering design process is to test and implement the solution .
We should come out with a series of tests to prove whether the products work in real life environments .
We should also develop a suitable design for our product that would be warmly welcomed by the public .
Even if one of the tests fails , we could apply the engineering design process to solve the problems that have emerged in the process of the testing .
In conclusion , the engineering design process would be able to help us develop an environmentally friendly product to help preserve the environment .
Therefore , it proves to be a good method to solve most of our needs .
Technology developed via research and technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery
Human beings have gone through 21 centuries .
In this long time period , technology has developed together with the human society .
Technology has been developed in different ways .
Two main ways are research and serendipitous discovery .
Both research and serendipitous discovery are very important in technology development .
Technology developed via research and technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery differ in some aspects but are similar in some other aspects .
In terms of development process , technology developed via research and technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery are different .
For technology via research , scientists have a clear plan before they start their research .
They know what they want to get or to achieve at the very beginning .
Then they just do what they should do step by step according to their plan .
Finally , they achieve their goal .
The process for the development of technology developed via research is very systematic with a very clear target .
Technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery is different .
Scientists discover a very useful technology unexpectedly .
That means they themselves even do not know they will discover it until they really do .
They do not have the target but they finally stumble upon some new technology .
These two kinds of technology also differ from each other in development inputs .
As an old saying goes , one cannot make bricks without straw .
Technology research is also the same .
From the moment that scientists decide to work on a new technology , scientists have to put in a lot in order to discover a new technology .
These inputs include time , effort , fund , and so on .
Unlike technologies developed via research , technologies resulted from serendipity need almost zero input .
This kind of technology is just like a gift from God .
It is for free .
What is needed is just luck .
Scientists need such luck to get this God's gift .
So , these two kinds of technology need different input .
Consumer domain is another difference between technology resulted from research and technology resulted from serendipitous discovery .
In most circumstances , scientists are clearly aware of consumers of their technology before they start their research .
They develop certain technology which satisfies certain consumer domains; in comparison , scientists usually do not know the use and the specific consumer domains when they  accidentally discover a technology .
In spite of these differences , these two kinds of technology share several important similarities .
Both of them are very useful to the development of our society .
They help make our life easier and more comfortable , thus improving our living standard .
If adapted into industry production , both kinds of technology can bring economic benefit .
To conclude , technology developed via research and technology resulted from serendipitous discovery not only have differences but also share similarities .
Even though these two kinds of technology are developed in different ways , they both can benefit the society and our daily life .
Over the past century , the technological boom has brought about much comfort and convenience through different inventions .
These luxury items , although they bring about a lot of convenience to our lives , are major culprits of destroying our environment .
As such , one of the main human needs would be to restore balance and lengthen the lifetime of our environment .
The process of creating new inventions , also labelled as engineering design process , is able to address this issue .
This can be done by considering the environmental friendliness of inventions as one of its major factors in the five steps of engineering design process , which are as follows: Defining the problem , gathering information , generating solutions , analysing and selecting a solution and implementing the solution .
(Khandani , 2005)
The step of defining the problem is very important .
It sets out the whole purpose of the process in the right direction .
Thus , for new problems defined , the factor of it being environmentally friendly can be factored in .
For example , eco-friendly gym equipment today are able to harness the energy generated during its use to power the machine itself .
This innovation eliminates the need for external power for the gym equipment .
Moreover , new inventions should not be the only products with a "green" factor as old inventions can be re-designed in order to achieve the "green" status .
One such example would be the invention of hybrid cars which are recognised as environmentally friendly automobiles .
The next step is to gather information and generate solutions .
Information gathering is a step which allows the designer to be equipped with background information of the problem before tackling it .
At this step , researching on the various methods in order for the product to be more environmentally friendly should be one of the main concerns .
It also allows them to consider existing solutions , if any , and consider various factors which will determine the success of the product such as its economic viability and its effectiveness .
Thus , solutions generated from these ideas should be able to resolve the problems identified as well as conform to the requirements of the society .
The solutions should be environmentally friendly such as being able to bypass or convert the by-products which are harmful to the environment , such as greenhouse gases or toxic waste .
Moreover , not only should the product solve the initial problem , it should also meet the society's demand in terms of usability , ergonomics and economical concerns .
Thereafter , the next step would be the process of selecting the solution for implementation .
This process selects a solution generated in the previous step that best meets the requirements of the problem .
Each problem is different and unique; thus , they would have different factors to consider for analysis .
Every design is rated based on the consideration of various factors such as functionality , ergonomics , mechanics , manufacturability , safety , cost-effectiveness and compliance with regulations .
(Khandani , 2005) The solutions would then be rated according to different criteria corresponding to the analysis and the best would then be selected .
Since the need for an environmentally friendly product is the emphasis for the invention , its functionality would naturally be a priority for consideration .
After functionality , safety is another area of concern .
Finally , the solution will only be implemented after going through a series of rigorous tests and improvements .
In conclusion , engineering design process is a general process through which ideas can be generated to resolve current issues .
One of the main human needs of the current millennium would be to have a sustainable environment in view of the rapid progression of our technology .
Engineering design process is able to address this issue by encompassing and focusing on the element of environmental friendliness for every invention .
Technological developments are divided into two different categories: the conventional method of developing technology through research or the unusual method of developing technology through serendipitous discovery .
The two technological innovations discussed would be the Laptop Computer and Sildenafil (Viagra) .
Though they are on the opposite spectrum in terms of the field of technology , both have similarities in their own way .
One difference , aside from their uses , is the manner in which they were developed .
The development of the laptop in Toshiba took on a systematic and direct approach towards an apparent goal: to reduce the size of a personal computer so it would be compact enough and portable .
On the other hand , Sildenafil , the compound in Viagra , was synthesised and studied initially for usage in treating hypertension (high blood pressure) and angina pectoris (a heart disease) .
However , clinical trials showed that it did not treat angina but instead , stimulate significant penile erection .
The company , Pfizer , thus decided to manufacture the compound into pills and market it as a drug to treat erectile dysfunction .
Another difference between the two technological developments was approvals from the inventor's company leaders .
In the case of Viagra , the inventors Peter Dunn and Albert Wood had the blessings of their company to carry out their research and were given research facilities and funding .
Tetsuya Mizoguchi , on the contrary , had to go "underground" with the laptop research project in the company's other factory , diverting funds and shifting engineers from military projects to design the laptop , despite being denied development funds and an experienced team of engineers (Rogers 2003) .
Ironically , after the success , Tetsuya was promoted to Toshiba's board of directors while the inventors of Viagra were denied recognitions for their invention .
Yet , aside from being products of different fields , both technologies were able to be commercialized into products successfully .
Pfizer managed to patent the newly synthesised Sildenafil , incorporate it into pill form before marketing it as an oral treatment for erectile dysfunction .
In 2000 , Viagra sales accounted for 92 percent of the global market for prescribed erectile dysfunction pills .
(Keith A 2000) The laptop was a radically different innovation then; nevertheless , it was marketed furiously and soon had majority market shares in Europe , United States and Japan (Rogers 2003) .
Another similarity between the two technologies was that they had competitors .
Global shares of Viagra dropped to 50 percent due to other erectile dysfunction pill manufacturers like Cialis , Levitra and several counterfeits and clones .
( Berenson , 2005) .
Toshiba , similarly , has seen its fair share of competition with leading names like Dell , Apple and Fujitsu .
Finally , both innovations have helped enrich the lives of people by addressing a need or a problem .
Offices in Japan are crowded and homes are small with no space to install a desktop , giving rise to a need for smaller personal computers .
The problem of male erectile dysfunction was solved by the innovative development of Viagra , though it was a 'coincidence' that the compound Sildenafil causes penile erection .
In conclusion , though the development of Viagra was serendipitous and would seem unfair to the arduous task of development via research in the case of Tetsuya's laptop project , both worked towards a common goal of enriching lives , which I feel is first and foremost the basis of technological advancement .
Also , let us not forget that chemists , Peter Dunn and Albert Wood , were also working systematically towards creating a compound to treat hypertension and angina .
Transportation is a necessity that humans cannot live without .
The number of cars on the road keep on increasing year by year and so does the pollution that arises from it .
Therefore engineers need to come up with better design of environmentally friendly hybrid cars that run on green energy fuel to replace the current diesel engine cars .
The first step in engineering better hybrid cars is to define the problems of current hybrid cars and to gather information about them .
Current hybrid cars available in the market are not practical and do not appeal to the mass market .
Some of the factors include the lack of recharging stations and the high cost of producing it .
This deters consumers from switching their old diesel powered cars to the more environmentally friendly hybrid cars .
We also need to make a complete market survey on the reasons why hybrid cars are not getting the attention of consumers .
As stated by Khandani in "Engineering Design Process , 2005" , consumers are the one that ultimately establishes the need for a product .
Thus , understanding this need of environmentally friendly hybrid cars is of importance before proceeding to the next step of the design solution .
Next , engineers need to generate multiple solutions for the hybrid cars .
This includes brainstorming sessions to find new alternative fuels and designing a new engine that can run on such fuels .
Engineers also need to make comparison between the latest hybrid cars such as electric cars , hydrogen fuel cell cars and solar powered cars to see which one is more efficient and suitable .
Willingness to take risks and experiment with new alternative fuels is also important so that more creative ideas can be generated .
Then , we proceed to the next stage of analyzing the various solutions and selecting the best one .
As highlighted by Khandani , there are some factors that may need to be considered in the analysis such as the product safety , functional analysis , market analysis and mechanical analysis .
The hybrid cars should be tested for its safety and functionality .
For instance , solar powered hybrid cars need to be ensured that it has enough energy to function well in the night .
Hydrogen fuel cell cars must have a practical way of emitting water as its waste .
We also need to analyze the safety of the designs .
If it is below par , we can add adequate safety features or a thorough instruction manual to it .
Lastly , after going through rigorously analyzing and selecting the final design , we need to make a prototype of the hybrid car and test its overall function in real world situations .
This will reveal the weaknesses in the design; hence the engineers can improve on it .
We also need to test and check various criteria so that the hybrid car meets the needs of the consumers .
Documentation and patent on the overall design should be done at this stage .
Then , we need to execute extensive marketing and awareness campaign to get consumers to buy the hybrid car .
To conclude , engineering a new design of environmentally friendly hybrid car helps to reduce pollution by using green fuels such as electric and solar power .
Creative engineering design can produce a paradigm shift for people to start using environmentally friendly cars due to all their positive advantages .
What is the best alternative of fossil fuel ?
The answer is widely believed to be one of the renewable energies , which include solar energy , wind power and so on .
However , in the process of looking for new energy source to take place of coals and oils , a more urgent problem of the energy system has been neglected -- the storage of the energy .
If the coal , oil and sunshine can be regarded as the primary energy carriers , the battery , whose energy can be consumed effectively and cleanly , is the secondary energy carrier , which relates to our daily life more closely .
Ironically , comparing with the primary energy carriers , the battery is far less popular and only used in some specific fields .
How can the engineering design make it widely used by innovating ?
The process can be divided into three parts , defining the problems of battery , finding the solutions and selling the new products .
Although battery is not widelbe traced backtoday , it is possible to change the situation by innovating .
To enhance the capacitybecause ofhe battery , keep weaknessesew materials is important .
Since the new battery is designed to use in the big machines to replace engines , the capacity will have the priority .
The engineers can try some heavy materials without worrying about the weight and volume .
Additionally , the engineers can also playersgn the energy system of the big machines to cooperatecompared battery to get a best efficiency .
To shorten the charge time , the technicians can get some ideas from the design of small batteries , which can be fully chthe batteryn fifteen minutes .
The last part of the process is to sell the products .
The popularization of battery is not isolated; as an energy carrier , it should be tkeepingher with the innovation of the electrical cars and other engineering prodbe useds to form an industry chain .
The chain will also include the battery charge station , which will replace the refueling station as the popularization of battery .
withTo sum up , the engineering design process can be a good way to innovate new generation of battery .
A process that includes defining , golving and selling will build a wh industry chain of new battery , and finally meet the energy carrier need of the society .
Nowadays , there will always be an engineer designed product wherever we go to or whatever we do .
They are the results of engineer designs to meet our needs .
In order for us to progress faster , more money needs to be pumped to the research sector so that discoveries like cures for illnesses , could be discovered faster .
Therefore , engineers should design products or systems that could improve the economy .
Engineer designs that save energy , cut costs and save manpower are the key to improving the economy so that more money can be used for more research .
New form of or improved transportation could help to reduce costs and save time .
Teleportation is the ideal form of transportation in most of our dreams .
Although it is indeed unrealistic and impossible , we can never know if it can be realised .
No one thought that mobile phones were possible hundreds years ago too .
However , realistically , we could improve our transportation through better public transport design systems .
One example would be replacing drivers with automated computerized transports .
By replacing drivers with automated computerizations , manpower could be saved and public transports would be less costly .
With cheaper transports , people would have more money to spend , improving the economy .
In cities around the world , a large amount of energy is consumed by electrical appliances every day .
By designing better electrical appliances that could perform the same function with less energy used , we could save a large amount of energy .
One example would be designing a fridge that uses less power to run .
With less energy used , costs of living are reduced and the economy would improve with more people having more money to spend .
Another way to improve the economy would be through the designing of new forms of energy sources .
As the natural resources are depleting , the price of using it as source of energy is becoming increasingly high .
One such example would be the price of petrol .
Therefore , through the discovery of new forms of convenient and renewable energy , the price of energy could be more stable .
A more stable price reduces the chance of a big change that could lead to economy problems .
Given the current shaky economy , another big upset would have an adverse effect on our lives .
Therefore , a stable economy is essential for us to progress in technology and having a more reliable source of energy is the key to it .
With a population of 1 .15 billion , a total area of 3 .2 million square kilometers , twenty eight states  , seven union territories , diversity in culture and around a hundred different languages  , India , has certain significant problems in the hampering of engineering design processes for innovations .
Though engineering design is considerably well established in the country , some practical problems , play spoil sport .
Despite having the manpower , she is still not technologically advanced in comparison to the other developing countries like China , Brazil and Egypt .
The two main causes for this problem are population outburst and corruption .
The population of India is rapidly multiplying , increasing from 1 .147 billion in 2008 to 1 .15 billion in 2009 , in a course of just one year .
This makes it difficult to implement innovations , esIndialy in relation to engineering design .
Having a literacy rate of 61 percent , it is quite difficult to introduce new technological innovations , as not all the people in the country would underproblems unclear meaningize the product well .
Another problem is 'Brain Drain' or "human capital flight" (Ramones , n .d .) which began taking away India's brain power at a rapid rate .
This is because the job opportunities are better in foreign countries in comparison with the state of unemployment in India .
"This concept of taking education in a country but earning for another is known as brain drain .
"(Bhargava Tarang , n .d .) The western countries open up more job opportunities as they acquire cheap and hardworking labour .
Problems such as second highest population , vast size , low literacy rate and 'Brain Drain' have made it difficult for India to take a step towards technological innovations in the field of engineering design .
Currently , corruption is wide-spread in India .
"India is ranked 85 out of a 179 countries in {Transparency International}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Transparency_International]'s{Corruption Perceptions Index}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Corruption_Perceptions_Index] , although its score has improved consistently from 2 .7 in 2002 to 3 .4 in 2008 ."
(CNN-IBN , 2007) .
The revenue involved in this waspread mishap is very high , thereby affecting all the facets of the country .
Even the poverty stricken section of the society is forced to bribe the officials for their living .
Right from education every other field in India is flooded withthoseimarily work with a self centered mindset to misappropriate and amass huge amount of money .
These individuals are indifferent to the fact that majority of India's population is below the poverty line .
While the rich get richer , the poor keep gettithe secondrer .
The 'black' money does not get released into the economy for the fear of law and hence hampers the economy , widening the bridge between the 'haves and have nots' , pulling more people under the poverty line .
This multi faceted economic problem poses as the main hindrance to India's technological development and is the mother of all other social and political problems that India faces .
becomesthe majoritya hugeDespite having morbid and influential problems , population and corruption , India is still a fore runner in the economic scenario and has a steady development rate .
The reason for this is its integrity .
Furthermore the young generation is well informed and is taking several initiatives to rectify the previously committed mistakes , thus causing the country to accelerate in a path of new economic revelations .
How do we invent products or systems ?
Do we simply just think of an idea and create a product to try and solve a problem ?
As engineers , most of us will use a process identified as the engineering design process .
The design process is a 5 stage process which includes defining the problem , gathering useful information , finding multiple solutions , narrowing down the solution and testing and implementing the solution(Khandani ,2005) .
The 5 stages are sequential , which means that an interruption in any of the 5 steps can hamper the engineering design process .
In Malaysia , engineering design processes for innovation have not been evolving as much as the government would them to .
The problems that contribute to this are that there are not many quality engineers left in Malaysia and because of the local society's mindset .
The first problem is the lack of quality engineers left in Malaysia .
Most engineers leave for financial reasons .
The value of the ringgit is rather low so engineers tend to favor working overseas as there , the salary is higher and the working environment is much better .
For example , Malaysians who study in Singapore are required to sign a bond which ties them to work in Singapore for a few years .
After working in Singapore , most of them will not return to work in Malaysia as the pay in Singapore is almost double compared to the pay in Malaysia .
In addition , the engineers produced in local universities are not able to fill the gap left by the engineers who leave the country .
The second problem is the society's mindset .
Malaysians have a very conservative way of thinking .
Furthermore , they are not willing to take new risks in terms of design innovation .
Malaysians are easily contented and refuse to improve on existing innovations and technologies .
Malaysians are also uncooperative in their work .
They are not willing to seek help from foreign countries and contract most of the work to unqualified local companies .
Apart from that , it is well known how corrupted the country is .
Corruption can lead to unmotivated work ethics .
The problems listed above can have an impact on all or one of the 5 stages of the engineering design process .
First and foremost , the conventional thinking of Malaysians can affect the first stage of the process of defining the problem .
Their traditional thinking will not be able to identify what the needs of the country are .
The uncooperative nature of the country can influence the design process in terms of generating multiple solutions .
We need to work together with other nations to tackle a problem because other countries may have different views of a problem  .
Most significantly , because of the insufficient number of engineers in the country , we are just not able to get enough manpower to accomplish the design process .
In conclusion , the progress of engineering design is being disrupted by the mindset of the local society and the lack of engineers .
As the rest of the world continues to improve technologically , we can only advance at a slower pace .
There is a need for an attitude change in both the government and the society .
Engineers should remain in the country and not just leave for personal benefits .
They should consider helping to improve the level of design innovation in the country so that we can compete globally .
Incredible as it seems in such a resource-rich earth , the energy crisis has become one makeable problem .
But the fact is that the shortage of energy has affected the whole human society and our further development .
As Tennessee Valley Authority disclosed that the normal 60-day store of coal now can only supply ten to twelve days (Business: The Energy shortage worsens , 1997) .
This means that our resources cannot fulfill our increasing demand .
The most pressing issue is finding a replacement for fossil resources .
One of the most suitable replacements is nuclear power .
However , there are some concerns about it , such as security , costs and performance , which have limited the popularization of this promising substitute approach .
In order to resolve these problems , a new generation of nuclear energy system which is called the Fourth Generation reactors is under test .
One of the six approaches that named as supercritical-water-cooled reactor can give us a way for our future energy with further researches .
Supercritical-water-cooled reactors share the benefits of Generation IV and some further benefits compared with other kinds of reactors , SCWR may also resolve some concerns about safety and cost with some further development .
SCWR as one of the six reactor concepts for Generation IV nuclear fuel , share the same e with all other reactors and some further predominance compared with other reactors .
Generating electricity in a sustainable , economically viable , sadisclosed ,e manner is the basic goals of Generation IV .
Sustainable means that the system should generate power by some natural fuel , at the same time , minimize the emeetental impact .
Economically viable means that the generating cost should be competitive with other energy resources , meanwhile the capital investment should also be low enough to allow access to a large number of countries .
Safe and reliable mainly emphasize that the future reactors should perform bett least as well in terms of the safety and reliability as current ones .
The focus is to decrease the emission of radiation and insuundergoingetestsety of civilians once accide ,appen .
mpared with other reactors , reactor , advanced as the solution to meeting future energy needscy (about 45% research for LWR) and simple plant .
(reactors (SCWRs)Power Energy , 2002) The SCWR is effective because only one cycle is involved .
Furthermore , the SCWR  .oSCWRsot require steam separator plates , heat exchangers nor turbines compared with BWR .
(Tilkki V . Supercritical Water Reactors: A Survey on International State of Research in 2006 , 2006) All the simple design reduced the construction cost of nuclear electrical station .
Also the coolant of SCWR is water which is cheaper compared with other kinds of reactors .
Not only does design entail a magnificent facade or the strange opinion of a maverick , but it also involves pragmatism , cost and efficiency .
All these requirements are fully met  by those who are well educated .
However , while there is a highly increasing demand for engineers with acuity of design , even in the education system of my own country , there are two major setbacks for engineering students getting adequate design skills: the lack of practice in school and the insufficiency of co-curricular activities .
Firstly , students in high schools do not have enough useful practice time in their schedule .
Although the curriculum has  been continually improved to gradually reduce the use of conventional teaching methods ,  .
The reason is that the acquisition of new equipment needed for experiments is not in tandem with the changing of textbooks .
Only in the urban areas can students have opportunities to get access to the required equipment .
For students in other places , they can only see the teacher do a sample experiment in the lecture but cannot try the experiments  themselves .
Even worse in some remote areas , students can only listen to the description of the experiment by the teacher .
According to the Labor Newspaper , in Hung Yen , a southern province of Viet Nam , there are thousands of students  studying without sufficient lab equipment due to the delay in  purchasing new equipment and due to corruption .
In these regions , another factor that breaks the camel's back is the exodus of young lab teachers to cities where they can have a conducive environment to develop their own career and earn a better living .
The residue of this migration is an old generation of teachers who are not very familiar with modern devices in labs .
Consequently , students do not have the chance to gain the priceless pragmatic experience of how to design  .
Secondly , students do not attend enough efficient co-curricular activities in school .
This can be accounted for by the fact that there are few organizations in almost all schools .
There was , in fact , only one organization , namely the Youth Union , in my secondary school .
When I went to high school , luckily we had three organizations: the Youth Union , Harmonica club and PTNK Soccer league .
Though activities held by the above organizations ranged from learning history to acquiring leadership , not many students benefited from them .
That is due to the fact that the number of participants for one activity just covered a small portion of all the students in school .
Moreover , since co-curricular activities are not compulsory in our country , and the studying in other learning centers takes up almost all the time of students , studentstend to drop co-curricular activities in school .
The Youth Newspaper recorded a New Zealand professor saying that Vietnamese students spend so much time on gaining academic knowledge that co-curricular activities have become a luxury .
The two aforementioned issues leave engineering students  .
For one thing , students who are not used to doing lab research usually have just a vague idea of what should be done .
For them , the first step of the design process seems to be far away as they cannot define the problems completely since "people have a natural tendency to attack the current solution to a problem rather than the problem itself" (Khandani , S . , Engineering design process , page 8) .
As a result ,  the rest of the process can be ruined because of the first steps; for example , if the problem statement is not broad enough , the statement will preclude  new thoughts on the issue .
it is arduous to undo the whole process ,  these novice engineers have to accept low-quality products and , consistently , low profit .
Another thing is that without experiments in co-curricular activities , fledgling engineers cannot fulfill the second and the third steps: collecting pertinent information and generating multiple solutions .
This is because they lack confidence in communicating with other colleagues to gather information as well as learning experience , so they can hardly find out the most  information .
Co-curricular activities also help engineering students develop creativity and imagination to come up with many answers to a single question .
If students do not actively join various activities , they will be prone to solely apply rules and theory in school to work .
However , "creativity is much more than just a systematic application of rules and theory to solve a technical problem" .
(Khandani , S . , Engineering design process , page 11) .
Losing creativity and imagination means that they are losing their advantage in  .
As a result , the difficulty in dealing with the first three steps is a veritable hindrance for the whole project .
In brief , what impedes engineering process design for innovation in my country's education system is the lack of practice and co-curricular skills .
However , with efforts to reform the education , I optimistically believe that we can overcome these obstacles to be competitive engineers in the global market .
First , there is a lack of creativity .
Every individual has a different mindset; some are born lazy , while some are not .
In Singapore , a number of us are of the lazy type , which means we are lazy to design .
Moreover , there are some that are shy to speak up about their ideas .
Another problem would be individuals with fixed mindsets , thinking that designing is not a good path to take .
For example , in Marcelo Ang's (2009) talk , he mentioned that it is always the mental block of an individual that makes everyone think of not going for designing .
Hence there is a need to remove that mental block , so that  individuals will have the opportunity to design and invent what they desire  .
This mindset may cause the market to lose  good designers , who could potentially help boost the design industry .
This will impact the market because there will be an unavailability of new products .
Without people designing new products  , there will be no new products in the market .
This in turn will cause the market to suffer .
In the article "Designing engineers to change the world" , Chan (2009) mentioned that market users always demand  new products which they are fascinated with .
Moreover , when there are no new products , these potential customers are lost , hence causing causing the market to suffer .
Second ,  is due to the time taken to create a full design product .
A design process is not the outcome of one night's work .
It might take days and months to perfect the design so as to ensure that the end product is good .
Thereafter , more problems may arise such as finding and building of the parts and materials that are not readily available in Singapore .
For example , a lot of stress tests had to be done during the process of making NEWater (2008) .
These included tests on humans to confirm that Newater was fit for drinking before it was produced for public consumption .
Those tests were not done in a day or month .
They took more than a year to complete .
leads to other effects and impacts the market .
People tend to go for simpler designs , because of the long time required to create a proper full design .
The reason is that a simple design is much easier to design and time required to produce such a design would be much less .
This results in poor designs being produced in the market .
Hence market users will not be tempted to buy the product , which would cause  sales and the market to be low .
Additionally , this also leads to lost income for designers as they might not earn their production cost back .
Eventually potential designers would have second thoughts and step out of designing .
In conclusion , the lack of creativity and the time to create a design could cause impacts on the market in Singapore .
These problems that may hamper  engineering design would impact the market causing the unavailability of new products , designers taking shortcuts in design and designers' mindsets about design .
In addition , this would lead to a market downturn .
I personally feel that the most common problem originates from every individual's mindset , when they have already made up their mind .
It's hard to change it once it's fixed .
I believe that if an individual takes up the courage to change , and design a proper design , it would resolve the problems that are hampering the design process for innovation .
In your home country some problems(may) significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
Describe two of these problems and explain their impacts on effects on certain stages of the process .
We humans always dream .
We have never been satisfied with what we want .
We are always out there looking for something better .
It might seem that we are greedy  , but the fact that I am writing this essay sitting comfortably in an air conditioned room is fact enough to validate our greed and curiosity .
If we weren't always greedy for more , just imagine how different the world would have been .
Just an hour without  electricity would make life intolerable for everyone .
The boom of innovation and technology in the past few decades has  been tremendous .
Every country wants to be technologically forward and pumps in enormous amounts of money and resources into leading innovations and research developments .
However , the standard of research and innovation in every country varies to a great deal .
This is influenced by the different prevailing social and economic atmospheres .
Now I am going to talk about the various issues that hamper engineering design and innovations in my own country , India .
The first thing that comes to one's mind when one reads about India is its vast size and a whopping population of over 1 .1 billion (Population Council , 2009) .With such a vast population , the onus on the government to ensure the welfare of the people is tremendous .
With a large part of the population depending on the government for subsidies and food  , most of the annual budget is spent in ensuring that the people are well fed .
With India being a democratic country , the major revenue for the government is taxes paid by the people .
With the standard of living not being quite high , the revenue earned by the government is also quite limited .
Therefore , the amount of money the government can afford to spend on  research projects is quite little compared to other countries .
India spends only 450 million USD per year on research (The Acorn n .d .) .
One of the major responsibilities of the government of any country is providing quality education to the nation's children .
This has always been quite a problem for India .
With its vast size and population a lot of the rural areas still lack proper schools .
Fifty percent of the children living in these rural areas leave school before completing their fifth grade ( The English Argument  , Prashant Mekala  ,December 8  ,1995) .
These children then end up in manual labour .
This is quality human resource lost .
These children may one day have turned into great thinkers and scientists  ,but due to the lack of proper facilities , they drop out of school .
It is no wonder that India lags behind in technological innovations and research .
However , in the cities , the quality of education is world class .
The people educated in the cities are now exposed to the entire world .
They are quite well learned .
Some of them  leave the country in search of better prospects in the developed countries .
The chance of earning huge sums of money and of obtaining a quality lifestyle  makes them leave their country as though they are leaving their house to take a leisurely stroll .
With the government spending huge sums of money on them and these people not even repaying the government by working here and paying taxes here  , their departure is a huge blow for the government .
More than 300 ,000 Indians migrate to the United States and over 75 percent of these people have had tertiary education (Finance and development  , June 1999) .
With such highly educated individuals leaving the country , the scope for leading research becomes quite limited .
Another factor is that a lot of the developed countries attract foreign talent  .
India is not able to do that .
With the standard of living and environment not meeting that of the developed countries we are unable to attract brilliant individuals from different parts of the world .
With all these factors playing a role  , the engineering design and innovation in India is significantly hampered .
Steps have been taken to minimise the effects of these factors  , but there is still a long way to go to see all these factors vanishing altogether .
Several private organisations have started helping the people in what little way they can .
Innovation engineering has been a commonly recurrent phrase in the industries in the recent years .
However , exactly how many engineers fully understand the full meaning and implications behind the simple phrase ?
Furthermore , how many understand the long and exhausting process required for innovative engineering operations to be executed and optimized ?
The process of concept generation , product testing and product implementation requires a lot of resources .
These resources come in the form of time , which translates to financial terms , and experience in the process .
In the Singapore society which is relatively result orientated , people tend to be afraid to try out new ideas as they are afraid they will lose out to the intense competition they face from  others .
Hence , engineers would rather stick to tried and proven methods that are seen to be effective , instead of exploring  alternative methods .
However , these engineers fail to realise that failures are the key to innovation .
Without having gone through failures , new and better processes would not be properly developed , and thus optimisation would not be achieved .
The environment makes it hard for companies to allocate resources for innovation , and at the same time , keep the company's competitive edge in the market .
Due to this problem , fresh ideas would not even have a chance to be developed , not to say move towards the implementation of the idea .
has gradually developed into an inflexible culture , where our workers choose to stick to current beliefs rather than try out new ideas .
Generating new concepts does not just require a single day of effort , as  people believe , but instead requires a longer thought process which may take days or even months .
The culture in Singapore does not even allow our workers to make time for this crucial concept generation process .
Another problem we face in Singapore is the lack of experience our country has in the innovative engineering field .
Compared to developed countries , which have years of experience in the field , our nation has just begun to prosper .
Previously , public policies have guided our nation towards the manufacturing arena .
This has given rise to various government bodies efficient in international operating and manufacturing standards .
However , it has only been in recent years that our government has moved towards research and development .
Therefore , it would take quite some time to gear local engineers towards an innovative mindset .
Engineering processes not only rely on theories , but a lot on the engineer's experience .
Chief engineers who have been in the field for a period of time would be valuable resources .
However , it would take years for a new generation of engineers to be trained in innovative engineering .
Innovative engineering requires the engineer to venture into areas which have yet to be explored , which makes  experience even more vital , as it would allow problems to be identified even before they occur .
Such problems would most probably not have been explored by current engineers .
In conclusion , Singapore should open up to accept more challenges and failures especially for the younger generations of engineers .
The younger engineers should be more daring and dare to venture into the innovative world to discover new ideas .
As the third biggest country with the largest population in the world , there are still some unavoidable problems of engineering design processes for innovations in a developing country , China .
Two major problems among these are: the low acceptance of engineering design and the complex verification before licensing procedures for engineering projects .
in the case ofThisan engineeringforto obtainlabour is requiredin terms ofput inafactors necessaryThe problems all above are related to people's attitudes towarverification procedures for licensingsituation for engineering innovations , implying the heavy going improvement of engineering design .
Even though , it is a journey of hardships for Chinese innovations in the field of engineering design , which really suffers quite a lot at the moment , the future for Chinese engineering innovations is still bright with the government striving to achieve the goal for pervision .
In today's world , the significance of nuclear energy cannot be ignored .
In some countries , nuclear energy plays an important role  in power production .
Currently , "nuclear energy supplies about 80% and 30% of the electricity in France and Japan respectively"() .
More prominently , countries are using nuclear energy to make powerful weapons for military purposes .
We know how Iran and North Korea have been using their nuclear 'power' to negotiate with the US .
However , these powerful weapons  were not within scientists' imagination of how nuclear energy would be utilised .
Scientists probably had intended to use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes like using it as an alternative source of energy  .
Hence , we shall examine how nuclear energy  and how it is important to the world now and in the near future .
Nuclear energy was discovered in the early 1990s () .
Scientists discovered that a huge amount of energy could be produced from the nuclear fission of the element uranium .
We shall not go down to the details of that process but it was a major scientific discovery as it led to another form of energy production .
Unfortunately , nuclear energy's first real useful application was on Japan's cities where two nuclear bombs landed and caused massive destruction .
While this historical event marked the end of WWII , it presented nuclear energy to the rest of the world .
Soon , countries like Russia and China became nuclear 'powers' as well .
Their governments funded nuclear research and the setting up of more nuclear reactors .
Naturally , nuclear weapons became increasingly sophisticated as nuclear countries reinvented these weapons and vied to be the most powerful nuclear state in the world .
Now , nuclear weapons , from what we know , can be flown to a faraway place to cause massive destruction .
However , the use of nuclear weapons on another country has been non-existent since WWII as countries realize the chaos they could cause .
Moreover , the primary purpose of nuclear energy is to generate electricity .
Unlike energy produced by burning carbon , nuclear energy is clean as no greenhouse gases is produced from nuclear plants , where nuclear energy is made .
Using more nuclear energy and less carbon-generated energy to produce electrical energy could mean a significant decrease in greenhouse gases and a cleaner earth to live on .
Countries like France rely on nuclear power as much as other countries  rely on carbon to generate electricity .
Hence , nuclear energy might become essential in the near future as the world seeks to solve the energy-related problems such as global warming .
At the same time , just like any other forms that could be used to generate electricity , nuclear power is not a perfect source of energy  .
The danger of radioactivity is always imminent as critics often refer to the nuclear accident in Chernobyl that resulted in many deaths and serious repercussions such as unnatural births many years after the accident .
In addition , even if nuclear accidents do not occur , spent nuclear fuel would remain radioactive for decades .
As a result , land space has to be sacrificed to accommodate waste storage .
In conclusion , nuclear energy would probably play an important as the Earth's carbon resources are gradually being depleted .
However , nuclear countries should only encourage research on nuclear energy production for peaceful purposes .
They should not use it as a weopon in war as this could spell the end of the world .
The creation of NEWater , a technology where used water is treated to become potable , is one of the few examples of success in the research of technology in Singapore .
Prior to this achievement , the PUB (Public Utilities Board) faced many obstacles and that included the lack of engineering technology which made the cost of implementation unrealistic .
As a result , this plan was shelved in the 1980s .
Similarly , Singapore is currently facing problems that hamper its ambition of coming up with great innovations .
One of these problems is the rigid education system that is restricting the growth of the minds of young Singaporeans , mainly the teenagers .
At the same time , the comfortable state of living in Singapore poses a challenge to provoking the minds of its people to improve their current state of living .
All these may then lead to the slowdown of  technological advancement in Singapore .
The Ministry of Education (MOE) in Singapore adopts an academic based education system , where excellent examination results are prioritized over the creativity of one's mind .
Parents and teachers emphasize a lot on obtaining 'A' grades and hence students have a misconception towards education .
They have the impression that doing well in examinations equates to success in their future endeavours .
Moreover , achievingacademic promotion mainly requires students to reproduce their knowledge conservatively without much consideration .
As such , less time is made for attending brain teasing courses which  , in almost all cases ,  are made optional to students and whose importance is not highlighted .
Hence , 'students from Singapore top results in Mathematics and Science among their peers from 41 other countries but when it comes to designing , Singaporeans are way behind their foreign peers' (Boston College , n .d .) .
It is thus evident that Singaporean students are proficient in examination questions yet fail in creativity .
In view of the limited development in creativity of the people here , there is no doubt why the ability to design novel engineering processes is beginning to be seen as an outstanding talent in our society .
The other problem Singapore faces is , ironically , its high standard of living .
More importantly , the efficient system of governance in Singapore lives up to most of the promises made to its people during general elections .
Given the comfortable lifestyle they are enjoying , the idea of bringing about a change is not  the people's priority .
For instance , the government has upgraded the facilities in housing estates through  the implementation of schemes such as the Lift Upgrading Scheme , and this has brought about the 'tardiness' in Singaporeans in thinking about further improvements to their life .
Their focus , instead , is directed at their routine occupational job and their own family matters and therefore , the element of creativity is not part of their daily life .
Consequently , these problems result in the failure to generate creative ideas as a solution or improvement to the people's surroundings .
The scope of their thoughts is relatively narrow and hence they usually fail to come up with innovations that are beyond their imagination .
Surprisingly , what Singaporeans have in mind as the ideal solution may not be in tandem with that of foreigners .
Eventually , without a niche in designing , they will  lose out to the 'brains' from other countries when it comes to employment for 'a designer is a planner with an aesthetic sense' (Bruno Munari , n .d .) .
Not only is knowledge important , but originality too plays an important role when it comes to being a great innovator .
Boston College .
(n .d .) .
Study Rates Singapore Best in Math , Science .
Retrieved September 03 , 2009 , from http://www .bc .edu/bc_org/rvp/pubaf/chronicle/v5/N27/timss .html
Bruno Mutari .
(n .d .) .
Inspiring quotes about design .
Retrieved September 08 , 2009 , from http://designwashere .com/80-inspiring-quotes-about-design/
ChannelNewsAsia .
(2007 , February 15) .
Singapore to invest 3% of its GDP on R&D annually by 2010 .
Retrieved September 03 , 2009 , from http://www .channelnewsasia .com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/258795/1/ .html
Ministry of Education .
(n .d .) .
Our Education System .
Retrieved September 03 , 2009 , from http://www .moe .gov .sg/education/
"Think outside the box .
"This is the sentence that we have all heard many times before when it comes to innovation .
Singapore , as a young nation with no natural resources , depends heavily on its human resources to survive .
To be able to capture the consumers in the market , we have to be innovative in product design .
However , I think problems like the fixed mindset of the person and the lack of resources may hamper  engineering design processes for innovations .
Firstly , many people have a fixed mindset .
They tend to worry about what others might think and are afraid of criticism by others .
Self-criticism is also another issue that hinders creativity .
Most people believe themselves to be lacking in creativity and think that others will not like their ideas .
Hence , during a presentation , they present their ideas with little or no confidence because they are afraid of making fools of themselves .
Therefore , others will take it that there is a lack of enthusiasm in the idea .
Moreover , if someone receives a negative response , there is a high chance that he will not pursue any innovative attempts anymore .
Sometimes , people have the tendency to make products too complex or are too focused on factors like usability that it results in a design barrier .
Not everyone encourages new ideas .
Often their reaction to new things is negative .
This will also further hinder creativity .
Secondly , since Singapore is small , it is limited in resources .
We often have to import materials from other countries .
As a result , the cost of production will be expensive and people would rather choose to design a simple product instead of investing in  product innovation and research .
In addition , we have a small talent pool of people with innovative ideas .
Hence , most people do not possess the skills that are able to design any innovative products .
As a result of the problems that hamper  the engineering design process for innovation , many fail to identify  unmet needs of the market , causing the market to suffer .
Instead of having new  products in the market to capture the attention of the consumers , the market ends up with many different products having similar features and functions .
Furthermore , as mentioned by Chan in his lecture , many people are willing to pay more for design as well as for new products that they think are simple , practical and useful .
For instance , Apple iPhones were in high demand in the market during its launch because of their design , simplicity and reliability although the features of the iPhones are generally the same as many other smartphones in the market .
In conclusion , it is possible to avoid all aspects which will hamper  engineering design processes for innovations by changing the mindset of the people as well as finding alternative ways to solve the problem of the lack of resources .
We should attempt to make changes to our way of life in order to begin a larger change in our lives .
The engineering design process plays an important role in innovation and creativity .
Since the resources in the world are limited and decreasing , many countries are making efforts to develop the designing process to use the resources more efficiently toimprove the standard of life .
However , in my country there are still some problems that hamper  creativity and design , especially the lack of resources and the behavior of customers .
In this essay , I will discuss  these obstacles and how they affect the design process .
First of all , one of the biggest obstacles that hamper the engineering design process in my country is the lack of resources , which includes both  human resources and natural resources .
Human resources , in this case , refers to the labor force needed to design products with skill and knowledge .
Without knowledge , an engineer cannot start his designing process because he does not know where to begin and what to create .
As a result , the lack of human resource affects the design process at the very first stage .
Another factor that also hampers  creativity is the lack of natural resourcessuch as space , time and materials  for designing .
For example , in my country , many projects have to be postponed because there are not enough materials to make the products .
When waiting for the resources to be imported from other countries , these projects were still on the paper .
Therefore , natural resources are important at the stages of implement the ideas to create the products .
Secondly , the behaviors of the users also cause many problems when putting the products on the market .
Customers are usually afraid of changing the products they are currently usingt to new ones when they think the old ones are satisfactory .
Once they are used to  a current product , it is hard to persuade them to switch to a new one because they have to learn how to use the new device .
This may not be a big matter for the young but with the old people , the problem is much  greater .
For example , my mother will only use the traditional line-phone and not the cell-phone because making a call with the hand-phone is more complex than just picking up the line-phone handset and dialing the number .
Consequently , a new product , although functionally well designed , could be easily refused if it was not friendly to users .
In this situation , the behaviors of the customers are the key factors which directly determine the success of the product in the last stages of the engineering design process: making the product and bringing it to the market .
In conclusion , the two factors of lack of resources and behaviors of the customers cause great problems to the engineering design process in my country .
They affect most stages of the design process as they can postpone the process or even  stop it .
Unfortunately , these problems cannot be solved in the short term; it will require much effort to bring back the knowledge and materials into my country .
Have you ever wondered how many vending machines  the National University of Singapore has ?
Believe it or not , it is reported that there are over 100 vending machines in this university alone (National University of Singapore , 2009) .
Vending machines are available almost everywhere .
We can see them in hospitals , parks and even jungles !
There is no doubt that this invention has influenced our modern life to a great extent .
However , this technology only came on the market in the early 1880s , although the first vending machine was invented by a Greek engineer named Hero of Alexandria many centuries ago around 10 A .D . to 70 A .D . CITATION Eri06 \l 1033 (Jaffe , 2006) .
Various factors have contributed to allow such an invention to be widely adopted in today's world .
Ever since the first vending machine appeared , many companies have adopted this idea as the public has welcomed such an invention .
The convenience it has brought has definitely played a big part in its success .
From the consumer's perspective , cumbersome long queues can be avoided when he only needs to have a can of drink .
Furthermore , the simple manipulation of the vending machine and the hygienic storage is widely accepted by the masses .
From the vendor's perspective , the vending machine is favourable because it allows the selling of stocks that have a very long shelf life .
and the reliability of these vending machines is guaranteed .
Practically , they can be placed at any place , including rural locations .
This introduction of vending machines has improved and revolutionized the conventional way of merchandising .
In countries like Japan and Singapore , where there is a lack of space , the need for a condensed merchandiser which improves space efficiency is furthermore amplified .
As time gradually goes by , the population density of many countries increases .
Devices that free up more available spaces are gaining popularity .
In Japan , the available vending items range from instant noodles to cars !
CITATION Nat091 \l 1033 (Nate , 2009) The need to concentrate all stocks in a small space  .
In conclusion , the rising wage costs , demand for a more convenient way of selling certain products and the lack of space have shaped this technological innovation .
In addition , improvements of the vending machine havenot come to a halt as it continues to accommodate more human needs .
In years to come , more improved versions of the vending machine will be introduced to the society and bring more benefits to human kind .
The commercial nuclear power industry witnessed the worst nuclear power plant accident in its history in Chernobyl .
Reports pointed out that the disaster killed 56 people and caused about 336 ,000 people in contaminated areas in Russia , Belarus and Ukraine to evacuate and resettle (World Nuclear Association , 2009) .
The accident raised the question about the safety of the nuclear power plant and the ways that people can prevent such accidents in future .
According to an article by Bernhard Wilpert from Technical University of Berlin , Germany , we can see that if psychology had been applied in the design process of the Chernobyl nuclear reactors , the disaster might not have happened .
After the accident , people tried to analyse what were the reasons that caused the malfunctioning of the power plant .
Several theories were proposed , but they mostly concentrated on two issues: the mistakes of the reactor crew and the deficiency in the design of the RBMK  reactor (a high-power channel reactor called reactor bolshoy moshchnosty kanalny) (World Nuclear Association ,2007) .
These two factors-- one relating to humans and one relating to machines--can be eliminated by carefully using psychology in the design process .
Firstly , the human reasons for the accident come from various factors: the lack of knowledge of the reactor manager , the subjective points of view while performing unusual activities with the reactor and the weak communications between the workers in the power plant .
Since a nuclear reactor is described as a "complex high hazard systems" (Wilpert ,2007) ,  adequate and clear cognition is very important not only for  but also for all the workers in the manufacturing plant , where their collaboration  plays the key role in the work of the plant .
If the Chernobyl reactor crew had had enough information about the danger caused by the reactor when working in low power settings , they would never have performed the test to determine how long the turbines would spin and  following a loss of main electrical power supply .
Unfortunately , such tests were still carried out despite the instability of the plant under risky circumstances .
If we had applied psychology in the nuclear power plant , the workers would have been trained well and they would have giventhe rightresponses during the accident while running the plant .
However , the operators had broken many important rules of safety just to complete the test quickly: they had diminished the flow of coolant water , disabled the automatic shutdown mechanismsand released the control rods from the machine over the acceptable limit .
These actions resulted in increasing the amount of the energy produced to an uncontrollable level within a very short time and caused the explosions of the reactor .
Once again , the  .
Without proper knowledge and problem-solving skills  ,  and behaved in the wrong way when problems appeared .
Secondly , the other reason  is the flaws in the design of the RBMK reactor , especially the control rods .
Initially , the control rods were designed to slow down the reaction of the nuclear plant .
However , the engineer who had created the rods had not expected the chemical structure inside the rod to actually increase the reactions between the radiation atoms  the  moment they are put into the reactor .
In this case , the minimum requirements in testing the rods were not relevant .
the point is that the designers had  made the rods for working in stable conditions , not for such tests like this .
If the designers had applied psychology in the design process , they would have thought carefully and predicted the unexpected problems which might happen with the rods when using them .
Instead , they neglected the standard criteria just to make them simplerand cheaper but , unfortunately , more dangerous .
In addition , when the disaster happened , another serious mistake in building the nuclear power plant that reflected the weak cognition of the importance of psychology in design is that the wall around the reactor was not tough .
As a result , the wall was  and radioactivity was released freely into the atmosphere , which was extremely dangerous for humans and wildlife within a large area around the plant .
An absolute evidence that proves the necessity of psychological design is a similar accident with the Three Miles Island nuclear reactor in the US .
In this case , the wall of the reactor which had been built with Europe's high standards of safety had prevented the radiation from spreading into the air and no one had to die because of it (Grunwald , 2009) .
These examples show that even  machine errors can be eliminated by carefully designing and applying psychology in the design process to predict all the scenarios that may happen in the future .
Since the horrible accident of Chernobyl , the old technologies used to build the Chernobyl reactor have never been used again .
In addition , people have been doing research to improve the efficiency , the feasibility and  most important the safety of the power plants so that such disasters will never happen again .
It is said that ""(p)sychological methods , theories , and findings are becoming increasingly important to design" ( Benson , 2006) .
With the increasing collaboration between psychology and design ,  engineers have been using  for the design process to make more reliable and stable products .
Therefore , we can minimize the damage caused by accidents or even avoid them and increase the efficiency of  .
According to the news report by Rita Zahara (2005) , "Singapore is only rank 15 in the world for its innovative capabilities .
Singapore firms still lag greatly behind their counterparts in the US , Finland , Israel and Korea ."
Despite having high GDP and a pool of savvy engineers , there are still quite a number of problems in Singapore that are hampering its engineering design for processes for innovation .
There are many social and economical factors in Singapore that are hamprankedg the country's engineering design processes for innovation .
Comparing to other countries , although Singapore do not have much technological constraints , there are a high GDPlot of factors hampering inventions and innovations in Singapore .
Two main problems are Singapore's small economic market and its ulation holding a resistance to change attitude .
Firstly , a small economic economic greatly hinder a country's engineering design process for innovation .
Due to the small geographicalComparedSingapore , its population is only less tdoesn six million people .
As a result , Singapore's economic market is not large .
Most inventions , be it new or improved from previous inventions , takes a vast amount of time and money before it might become an innovation .
Most engineersgners are reluctant to even try inventing or making innovative products as they know that their inventions will most likely not make much profit , or even worse , a loss .
Secondly , Singaporeans' refusal to take risk and their contentment with their current lifestyles are also causes for the hampering of engineering design processes for innovation in Sinthanre .
The mindset of resistances to change in Singaporeans greatly prevents good innovative ideas theyd the acceptance of such ideas .
Most Singaptakes are resistant to changes as they are tthey used to their current lifestyles .
They do not want any changes to what they already had .
Therefore , this will cause them not to expect for anything more or better and thus , not thinking of new ideas on how to immight makewhat they already had .
Furthermore , Singaporeans have strong refusal to tolerate risk .
Most Singaporeans do not dare to try new ideas as they fear of failing , in which most probably results in time and money loss .
Singapore's small economic market and itriskspulation holding a resistance to change attitude will have some bearing on the ena strongiaversiongn processes for innovation .
According to the book by Ullman , David resistancethere are ten building stages in the engineering design processes .
Namely "Identifying a need , Defining the problem , Conducting research , Narrowing the research , Analyzing set criteria , Finding alternative solutions , Analyzing possible solutiohave Mcision , Presenting the product , Commcating and selling the product" .
Singapthinkrefusal to leave their comfort zone will greatly ahavect the very first stage of the engineering design p"Identifying a need" .
It will be very hard for Singapore to discovewhat it stl needsusuallyple are content with what they already had .
On the other hand , Singapore's small economic market is affecting the second and third building stages in the engineering design processes , "Defining the problem and Conducting research" .
A small economic market is preventing engineers and designers from defining problems and conducting research as they fear it will most likely be non-profitable or at a loss .
According to the Maslow's hierarchy of needs pyramid , physiological need is the most basic tier of the pyramid .
It is viewed as the most important need among the others .
Therefore , I think  medical needs are the one which I should give priority to .
Engineers play a very important role in designing new medical products to suit these human needs .
There are many different medical research areas which engineers could lay their hand on and design products according to stipulated requirements .
The most recent leading medical research areas are medical imaging , tissue engineering , pharmaceutical engineering , stem cell engineering and genetic engineering .
In my opinion , medical imaging is the most important area where we need to spend time and effort .
Medical imaging technology refers to the method or process used to obtain graphic images of the human body structure or organs .
It helps the doctor to diagnose diseases  at an earlier stage .
Throughout the years , various types of medical imaging technologies have been invented .
There are two main types of  medical imaging: invasive and non-invasive .
Invasive imaging includes nuclear medical imaging and X-ray imaging .
The invasive imaging method requires radioactive means to produce medical scanning which would have a possibility of causing harm to the human body but could be used on the majority of human body parts .
On the other hand , non-invasive imaging techniques like MRI and Ultra imaging would do the same job without causing any side effect on the patient .
The only set-back of such techniques is the high operation cost and constraints on the type of human body parts which they can be used on .
The engineering design process could be used on the invention of a new imaging technology .
This new imaging technology must have the advantages of both the non-invasive and invasive imaging .
Furthermore , it has to address the operation cost problem and the type of human body parts where the imaging device can be used on .
Another major concern in the engineering design process of the new imaging technology is providing higher resolution 3D/2D clinical image .
This will help the doctors to analyse a  patient with improved detailed images .
Since modern computers continually increase on processing speed and volume of memory , they will provide a huge support in designing better resolution image devices .
The only portion which engineers would need to figure out is how to lower the operation cost of such an imaging device .
In my opinion , the materials of the films and the simplicity of the devices would be important .
With  the new resolved imaging technology , more humans would be able to make use of such technology since its cost would be reduced .
Better clinical images would also be provided to the doctors; as a result , doctors would be able to provide a clearer diagnosis of the disease/illness of the patient .
Eventually , the average lifespan of a human would be prolonged with such devices since early detection of illness would be easier to treat and cure .
Lastly , engineers should view the medical imaging area as their priority since their innovations could resolve a lot of medical problems existing in the modern world .
Good health is still the most crucial area where everyone would wish to make their achievements in after all .
In order to successfully hold the 29th Olympic Games , the Beijing municipal government did all they could to optimize the transportation system in Beijing .
However ,  it was reported that the time every resident in Beijing spent on transportation per day reached five hours and five minutes in 2008 .
Obviously , nowadays there is nearly no more space for the transportation system to improve but  .
However , the problem is basically that people only make changes  to the traditional system , while in most cases a better system has to be built with the old one totally destroyed .
Therefore a big revolution in transportation has become one of the current human needs , which can be appreciated as one way to save human lives .
Starting from human needs , a new idea obtained by comparison can make  happen possibly in a few seconds .
What exactly is this new type of transportation ?
The following ideas are what I speculate on in terms of transportation in the future: The first step is to store the information of the people , that is , to break up the human body into atom-size particles and rearrangethe particles .
The second is to translate the information  and released , then  .
The third step is to transfer the electrical messages via electromagnetic waves to the destination .
Finally , the signal will be acknowledged at the destination .
Then the same people will be rebuilt there with the accurate human body information .
Is this design realistic and feasible ?
Everything is possible .
Honestly , it is impossible to find a person who is willing to risk his whole life rather than waste five hours on the road every day .
However , the fact is that every organic body is made up of finite kinds of elements and every human activity is based on the same chemical foundation .
Therefore , it will be possible to decompose and recompose organs or tissues sooner or later .
As for the problem of energy reduction in transmission , it can be addressed by diversifying and complicating the structure of the body information .
In conclusion , engineering design should be based on human needs , a concept recently called "Human Oriented Design" or "humanization" .
Moreover , creativity stems from the analysisof what we have now , what we need to have in the future and most importantly what the differences between them are .
Actually , all of the above are just the writer's personal point of view .
Though most of them sound like fiction  , the dream is still achievable .
We are now just like our ancestors thousands of years ago thinking that step onto the moon is impossible .
In fact , the idea of travelling by light is like the concept of transporting through time which most scientists are doing research on now .
That is why we should have confidence in our technology and ourselves because nothing is impossible .
Have you ever wondered how many cars there are in the whole world ?
According to the article , "World's Most Congested Cities" ( Malone , 2006) , there are about 750 million vehicles (and counting) in the world , and at least 50 million cars are being manufactured in the world each year .
And out of the 750 million vehicles , 240 million come from the United States of America (USA) , and 850 thousand come from Singapore (US Commercial Service , 2008) .
From the above figures , the ratios of human beings to vehicles are approximately 5:4 , 1:3 and 8:8 respectively .
all these figures are crucial in pointing out that vehicles , gasoline-powered vehicles to be more specific , are important and have blended into our lives .
Although this technology is important , many do not know its history and that the development of the gasoline-powered vehicle was actually heavily influenced by political , economic and social factors .
The second set of factors were the political factors , and one of the main factors was the convenience the gasoline-powered vehicle brought about in World War I .
During World War I , the military realised that gasoline- powered vehicles were more convenient to use as compared to electric-powered vehicles because it was difficult to charge the battery of the electric-powered vehicle right in the midst of a battle where there was no electrical source .
This convenience was due to the fact that gasoline was portable and could be brought around on vehicles which allowed vehicles to be re- fueled at any time and place and this could be done very quickly .
Apart from the influence of the military , the government had a part to play as well , because the government implemented biased policies that involved building more gas stations and roads to cater to the gasoline-powered vehicles .
These implementations brought more convenience to users of gasoline-powered vehicles because gasoline was made more available , and places once inaccessible became accessible .
On the contrary , there was no "charging" station and roads were not very ideal for electric-powered vehicles to move on; basically , there was nothing done to cater to the electric-powered vehicles which made it difficult for people to utilise the electric-powered vehicles without having any worries .
As a result , the electric-powered vehicle continued to lose  support , and gasoline- powered vehicles took another point home .
The next set of factors that further developed the gasoline-powered vehicles were the social factors .
the presence of these social factors actually determined the fate of the electric-powered vehicles .
However , these social factors , which were partly caused by the overpowering economic and political factors , "pushed" people to choose the gasoline- powered vehicles .
The people were made to believe that the gasoline-powered vehicle was the "byproduct of market competition and engineering advancement , not a product of compromise and negotiation" (Dr . Sovacool , 28 August 09) , which , in actual fact , was not the case .
Due to meritocracy and freedom , people eventually "chose" the gasoline-powered vehicles  , and brought electric-powered vehicles to eternal rest .
The above factors gave gasoline-powered vehicles their place in the market , even though electric-powered vehicles were better in terms of the technical aspects .
For instance , electric-powered vehicles were cleaner because they did not produce any harmful byproducts from combustion , and they were quieter , more luxurious and safer because they did not deal with any forms of combustion or heat .
Furthermore , electricity was easily available compared to high octane gasoline (and up till today , high octane gasoline is essential for engines to work smoothly) .
Even though electric-powered vehicles were relatively more superior in the technical aspects , due to the factors mentioned above , the technical aspects were  and people were not fazed by the potential problems they might face if they chose the gasoline-powered vehicles .
In conclusion , the development of an innovation does not solely depend on how technically superior it is , it also depends on many other factors , as we can see from the above example of the gasoline-powered vehicle .
These factors may vary in terms of the degree of impact , but there will always be an array of factors that will determine if an innovation succeeds .
The more important and valuable an innovation is to the society , the more impactful are the contributing factors , and the more elaborated the impacts will be .
In this case , if vehicles are not as important , and we do not depend on them to such a large extent , World War I would not have had such a drastic effect on the extinction of the electric-powered vehicle and banks might not have approved the implementation of the insurances and loans .
And who knows ?
All our cars might be plugged in and getting charged now .
"Engineering is a creative process of turning abstract ideas into physical representations" , says Khandani .
This means , engineers need creativity to make new beneficial things , and this is exactly what engineers in Indonesia lack , along with sense of innovation .
The two main causes are Indonesia's education system which limits the student's creativity and the lack of structured government programmes regarding research and technology .
The first problem , the education system does not allow students to express themselves freely , causing students to be less curious and therefore not creative .
Teachers in school are also not supportive .
Some even too conservative that everything must be done exactly like what he or she has done .
On top of that , the questions given in school are usually too straight forward as the questions themselves do not test the deeper understanding of the concepts by the students .
For example , the questions in the national examination are all multiple choices .
Therefore , to be able to pass the exam , students do not need to really understand as they just need to memorize and use the correct formula or even try their luck .
This kind of rote learning makes defining problems , which is the very first step of engineering design process , hard for Indonesian students .
Furthermore , this forms a habit among the students that they also apply in real life which makes them ignorant on how things work and concern only about how to use those things .
Instead of discovering and solving problems around them , they tend to avoid them and wait for someone to solve it .
With this kind of attitude it is quite impossible for someone to innovate .
To make matter worse , even when someone survived that kind of education and has bright ideas , the government will not give them the opportunities to innovate , such as providing enough budgets for Research and Development (R&D) in Science and Technology , or easiness of taking loans for new businesses in these areas .
This is because most developing countries' governments , like Indonesia's , still do not yet realize that a good innovative culture in the country can actually solve other problems like poverty and basic education opportunity .
The minuscule R&D expenditure of less than 0 .2% , in 2001 , of the GDP clearly shows this lack of priority (Krishna , n .d .) , especially when compared to Singapore's 2 .19% , in 2002 , expenditure (Agency for Science , Technology and Research , 2003) .
Therefore as they do not have structured programmes regarding research and technology , there are only few job opportunities in this science and technology sector , further discouraging engineers to innovate .
Instead , they prefer to have secure jobs in other more profitable sectors such as finance and banking .
This leads to no improvement in engineering in Indonesia .
Among these two main problems , the latter is actually more important .
Despite the poor education system , there are still a lot of innovative and creative people in Indonesia who wants to become real engineers .
However , without a supportive government , they cannot do anything .
Most of them choose to go to other countries which respect their ideas more .
This make Indonesia loses many of its best people .
Therefore , if only Indonesia's government can realize that research and technology is a really important factor , it is still possible for Indonesia to rapidly improve in terms of innovation .
"Build a better mousetrap , and the world will beat a path to your door" , said  Ralph Waldo Emerson .
The quote can be used to express the significance of the engineering design processes to generate innovations in making a useful product for society and industry .
Among the developing countries , Vietnam is one of the fastest growing economies in which engineering design processes for innovations is now playing a more and more important role .
There are certain problems which are still obstructing those processes , two of them are the weak law protection of patent registration and the lack of entrepreneurship skills .
Nowadays , it is not difficult to look for a fashionable "Adidas" or "Nike" T-shirt on a street in Ho Chi Minh City , the biggest city of Vietnam .
The reason is not because Vietnam is attracting worldwide fashion brands due to its fast growing economy , but because it is not ever easier to make and sell fake T-shirts in Vietnam .
The issue of patent violation has been raised critically in recent years by Government and the society .
There are several problems in the governmental administrative level have been listed as the kernel of the issue .
Firstly , the National Inspection Organ has lacked of skills and human resource in investigating and tracing patent violation incidents .
Secondly , even when the violators are caught , the fines for their serious guilt are sometimes much lower than their unrighteous benefits; this leads to the fact that the offenders would rather pay the fines than give up their business .
Moreover , the critical contraband good problem has affected not only foreign companies but also the local companies with low quality products with lower prices .
This whole bunch of weak supports from the Government policy and law has lead to serious hampers in the local creativity of engineering design .
The effort for researching new social needs turns into the effort for importing foreign products .
These obstacles could make Vietnam become a technology dependent country in the area .
For recent decades , entrepreneur concepts have started budding those first steps in Vietnam for .
However , low skills in entrepreneurship are still making a main issue in training business mindset for young generation .
For instance , the e-commerce breaking out in recent years has made a large number of start-up companies in IT and media communication .
Most of the company- starter had been technicians before deciding to start their business with lacked and weak entrepreneurial skills .
Therefore , the approach of social and economical factors in the entire system of engineering design was omitted .
As a result , a lot of companies have had to resize or change their business .
In fact , the lack of entrepreneurship skills has caused missing stages in the process of engineering design for innovations .
In conclusion , certain problems are temporarily blocking the development of innovations in Vietnam .
However , from what can be observed in these recent years , especially after Vietnam joined World Trade Organization (WTO) , strong actions have been taken in reforming the law system as well as promoting the entrepreneurship in universities .
With a positive view , Vietnam is trying to shorten the gap between itself with the area and the world .
Eleven years ago , Singapore welcomes its first Newater plant , which is a turning point in Singapore's technology development history .
Newater represents the technology that purifies the used water to make it clean and drinkable again (The Write Staff) .
During the last decade , the number of Newater plants increases to four .
Meanwhile , a new one is under construction .
What is more , in the near future , 30% of the demand of water will come from Newater .
During Newater's history , government , resources and the development of other technology show a significant influence on the development of Newater .
Besides the suthe governmentihas playedre government , a lack of water supply pushes the deveConcerned Newater .
Twater supply situationter has become lobal problem over thedecided .
What is more , about 40 percent of the population around the world and more than 80 counties are dealand for with the problem of lacking of watThus , the(transl) .
In consideration of Singapore , shorsufficient fundingrinvested bythe governmentes such as geographic pthe Singaporeclimate and increasing population .
Consequently , Singapore needs to import water wasghboring countries such as Malaysia to meet its needs (Lee , 2009) .
These reasons contribute to the development of Newater .
With the pressure of water shortage , having its own water supply system becomes more and more necessary .
That is how the resource shortage leads to the development of Newater .
Secondly , the telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell in 1876 and "by 1884 , long distance connections were made between Boston , Massachusetts and New York City" (Inventor , 2009) .
Bell was very interested in helping deaf people which led him to invent the telephone .
In addition , "the telephone came as a direct result of his attempts to improve the telegraph" (Bellis , 2009) .
The invention of the telephone was not a coincidence , but the result of long-term research .
nowadays , the telephone plays a very important role in our life , as we can hardly live without them .
In conclusion , both Penicillin and the telephone help people significantly and both  are the products of hard work and  .
The difference between them is whether the inventor had a clear purpose or not , which Bell had and Fleming had not .
But this difference does not decrease the value of either of these two technologies .
Human needs are always unsatiable .
Centuries ago , providing sufficient food was the most urgent need .
At the same time , health problems also created great needs for advanced medical technologies and facilities .
As years went by , industrialization emerged in many countries to meet various people's needs , like job opportunities and economic growth .
However , the big success of industrialization has created a problem for our modern people: how can we save our fast degrading environment ?
Thus , designing technologies in anenvironmentally friendly manner is one of the greatest necessities in order to protect our living environment and to ensure  sustainable economic development .
After a problem has been defined , which is the first step of engineering design , engineers need to gather pertinent information about the problem .
For example , engineers who focus on designing environmentally friendly transportation tools must have the basic knowledge about the products of different types of fuel combustion and how they affect the environment .
They should also be updated about the latest methods to generate energy in environmentally friendly ways , such as through generating renewable energy like solar energy , tidal energy or wind energy , and their respective advantages and drawbacks .
Engineers can move on to the next step once they are equipped with the necessary knowledge .
The second step of the design process is generating different solutions to  problems .
For example , engineers basically come up with two main ways to make machineries and transportation tools  .
The first way is changing the way energy is generated , such as changing petrol engines which produce carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons to fuel cells which only produce water and oxygen .
This solution can be further  by considering different types of methods to generate energy in less polluting ways .
The other solution is to deal with the polluting products generated along the way .
For example , catalyst convertors are installed in cars to convert the toxicgases carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons produced from incomplete combustion to the non toxic gases carbon dioxide and water .
Although different ways of solutions may be found  , not all are practical , so engineers also need to analyze and select a suitable solution .
For example , both of the two solutions  discussed above are theoretically correct , but today we only see converters being installed in cars .
This is because changing the ways to generate energy is very costly and the safety of such methods is unpredictable .
For example , fuel cells are very expensive , so their cost of production will be so high that they will be unmarketable .
Another example is that of hydro-powered cars , which actually have been produced but not used widely due to the fact that hydrogen is flammable , so there are still big concerns of consumers' safety .
In this step , engineers will also look at other factors like economicand social factors to filter the solutions .
Finally , engineers will test their solutions and make continuous changes to their product .
Although it is difficult to have a perfect solution , engineers are still trying hard to meet our needs to save the environment .
When we look around , we can see the efforts put in by engineersin products such as energy saving light bulbs light bulb , solar water heaters , car catalytic converters and so on .
These products are produced only after a long and complicated designing process .
We should really be grateful to engineers who work so dedicatedly to satisfy our needs .
Roger (2003) explained the difference between technological determinism and social determinism or the social construction of technology .
Technology is not something that is independent of values .
Otherwise , technology is a product of society and obviously is influenced by norms and values of the social system .
On the other hand , technological determinism is the belief that technology causes changes in society and this implies technology is somehow autonomous .
Roger did not agree with the latter belief .
Technology never stands in itself; it always carries something in it .
Let us take a look at one example of a great human work in the late centuries: nuclear .
We are going to view the definition and some factors that make nuclear become a nuclear .
First of all ,explainsee the definition first .
According to Wikipedia ,"A nuclear weapon is an explosive device that derives its destructive force from nuclear reactions , either fission or a combinIndeedfission and fusion ."
Let us recall the Nagasaki and Hiroshima tragedies , both cities were destroyed completely because of this thing .
That was the first nuclear bomb executed on earth .
From that time , nuclear production was gthat technologye popular all the time .
Nowadadoes not only westerthiss , but also Asian countries (China , Japan , North Korea , Taiwan , India , Iran , Iraq , Israel , etc) have nuclear power .
One thing to notice is that this stuff is nuclear weaponspensive .
In "50 Falook atAbout U .S . Nuclear Weapon" , it is stated tha nuclear weaponcost of thweaponttan Project (through August 1945) is 20 ,000 ,000 ,000 USD .
That is just the cost of one project in one country .
You can imagine now how much money we have spent to develop this 'nice' technology .
Although it costs grelook atamount of money , but those nuclear countries ar(a) still improving their nuclear capabilities .
We must be wondering why people want to spend so much money on such things .
Basically I think the first reason is because humans hate to lose .
Usually when you , during whichare creating nuclear power , the main purpose is to make other countries respect and fear you .
This is very useful in militatime onwardsspect .
My former histhas been teacher one day said that "To create peace , we need big power ."
This means that if I have enough power to knock you , your friends and your family down , then it is very logical that you want to have a peace with me because you know that I am capable of doing awful things to you .
That is why people (in this case , countries) want to be strong so that they are wasying to develop something .
nuclear weaponstoa weaponThat isincludingTo conclude , Igets to emphasize that technology depends on social factors .
It is jubecomingamore advancedse it for goodago ,eel fruits) or for bawoodll someone) .
This nuclear case is just one of the examples .
The military asswordshas contributed a lot to technology improvemwasts .
And there are still a lot of ahave arrived that contribute to tech
Before the 1950s , most of electricity was created by burning fossil fuel , and no one was aware of other energy .
After the second world war , the whole world was busy recovering economics and industry .
So the need of fossil energy became more and more serious .
At this moment , a few countries found that only relying on fossil energy is not enough and there should be another efficient energy to be created .
After a few years in U .S . , the world's first nuclear power plant was set up .
As a consequencever , invest inossil fuel pricehas becomecan any country resisurgent andon ?
The answer is no .
During 1970s has beensinvigoratedluenced by excessive industry development , the world's economic cost reached to a high point but at that time , fossil fuel prices were decreasing .
This mad those nuclear power plant which were under construction less attractive .
They just were set aside .
Almost as the same reason in 1973 , France and Japan suffered oil crisis .
Their governments could not pay for such high oil debts and these two countries decided to depend on nuclear technology .
In other words , France and Japan were forced to invest nuclear technology .
What is surprising that today 80% of the electricity in France is supplied by nuclear energy .
In Japan the percentage is also as high as 30% (Sharon Beder , 2006) .
.
But not all the countries can afford the cost to build up a nuclear power plant .
Take the U .S as an example .
The U .S . is the country having most nuclear power plants , and is well known by their technology in this area .
However in the U .S . , to build up an ordinary nuclear power plant will cost as much as $6~10 billion .
And this does not include the expense of repair and maintenance in the future .
So far , only big countries have their own nuclear power plants .
But it is sure that in the future , nuclear energy will give a strong support to the whole world industry economics .
When all the countries are aware this point , it is only a matter of time to make nuclear energy all over the world .
However ,negotiationsinternationalthen to supervse the process of every country's weaponspment .
Then the WANO (world association nuclear operator) was setwasp .
With the WANO's beginningfactischarge its duties , the world's nuclear development goes on the right way .
is now progressingNow , although not all countries are using electricity supplied by nuclear energy , many parts of the world are benefiting from it .
In 2007 , 14%nuclear developmentldThus ,lricity World Association Nuclear Operatorn has beenseen afteAsyWANO begins energy will benefit the whole world .
As many big cities in the world are facing  water crises , as acid rains become increasingly frequent , and as the number of lung cancer patients keeps going up , environmental protection has become one of the most vital needs of humans .
To satisfy humans' need and contribute to protecting the environment , engineers seek to design and invent products in an environmentally friendly way .
Through the engineering design process , we can see how engineers satisfy that need .
According to Khandani (2005) , there are five steps in solving designing problems .
In the steps to get pertinent information and to analyze and select a solution , engineers can make their product more environment-friendly .
To design and produce something more environmentally friendly , engineers should pay more attention to environment-related information when searching for pertinent information to help them in their design .
For example , suppose an engineer is looking for a material for meal boxes of take-away food .
Apart from information about cost , weight , water resistant ability , and so on , he needs to pay extra attention to  environmental information like whether the material can be biodegraded or recycled .
Taking this environment-related information into consideration helps make more environmentally friendly decisions .
The second step is to analyze and select a solution .
Usually , engineers will come up with more than one plan as they design a product .
They need to analyze and evaluate the plans and decide on a final plan .
In the Engineering Design Process , Khandani (2005) shows us how engineers evaluate different plans .
Firstly , they need to decide the criteria  for evaluating design plans .
They need to perform several types of analysis on each design plan .
These types of analysis are the criteria for evaluating the plans .
Next they value each criterion according to its importance , and give a mark representing how important it is .
In this way , they set criteria for evaluating plans .
After that , they evaluate each aspect of the design against the corresponding criterion .
Based on how well that aspectfits the criterion , they give a mark .
Lastly , they calculate the points for each plan and compare them .
Then the mark of each aspect of the plan is multiplied by the number representing the importance of this criterion and the total mark is added up .
By comparing the total mark of the different plans , they decide on the final plan .
For example , suppose an engineer is designing a process of producing a kind of detergent .
There are some factors , such as efficiency of the product and cost , to be taken into consideration for deciding the final plan .
If he can increase the importance of the factors related to environmental protection , he may use a substitute for phosphorus , or cleanse the waste water before discharging it .
Then the process and product would be more environmentally friendly .
If engineers can think more about the environment when designing , the product will become very environment-friendly .
Then our earth will become cleaner and more sustainable .
We will have a more comfortable and healthier environment to live in .
Government Regulations and Public Opinions of the Development of Electric Bicycles in China
One typical image remembered by the world about China is  its astounding number of bicycles on the roads: swarms of people riding bicycles filling the roads which are not really narrow .
since the year  2000 , another phenomenon has occurred on the roads of the cities in China: electric bicycles .
According to data on reliable Chinese websites , in 2004 alone , 6750000 electric bicycles were produced by more than 1000 factories all over China and these numbers are expected to increase by many times by the end of 2010 .
With the maturing of the technologies of electric motors and long-life batteries , multiple types of electric vehicles could have been created .
However ,Previously existing government regulations and public opinions on road safety have played important roles in shaping the electric bicycle in China into what it is today .
previously existing government regulations had a tremendous effects on the development of electric bicycles when it comes to the size and speed of these bicycles .
Before the e-bike(electric bicycle) we see now which is light(lighter than 20kg) and slow(maximum speed is less than 20km/h)  , there are also a number of other kinds of electric vehicles being developed .
They are more like electric motorbikes which are much more powerful and , of course , heavier .
However , because of the government regulations on city transportation under which all means of transportation on the road are grouped as either motor or non-motor and nothing in between , the prototype of the heavy electric bicycles was nipped in the bud as it could not be categorised as either of the two  because of its variety of performance .
The later electric bicycle was then designed to be more like a normal bicycle and was only allowed to be ridden on non-motor roads .
It is light but moves automatically .
People can even ride it just like riding a bicycle when it runs out of power .
Apart from government regulations , public opinions have also hadsignificant effect on the development of the e-bike .
After the e-bike was placed on the market , safety issues related to the e-bike were brought up .
Data on road traffic accidents were collected .
In Hangzhou , the capital city of Zhejiang province , the number of accidents caused by e-bikes increased over three years  Though the number was relatively small compared with those caused by cars and motorbikes , people were becoming more and more concerned about the safety of e-bikes and a series of public discussions were then carried out to discuss how to make the e-bike a safe vehicle on the roads .
Finally , the speed limit was set at 20km/h which is quite at the lower end of what the technology allows the e-bike to do .
Then all the e-bike industries began to improve performance in other areas of the e-bike like battery life and noise rather than speed and loading ability .
In order to meet the requirement of government regulations and public opinions , the development of the e-bike has gone through several changes; therefore it has been shaped to the e-bike we see now .
Hopefully , the next typical image left by China to the world will be that of the e-bike .
In 1936 , the first public video telephone had been developed .
At that time , people had to simultaneously go to special post office video telephone booths to use this service .
Until 1980s , with the development of chip , transmission technology , digital communication , video codec technology and integrated circuit technology , videophone became truly usable .
the videophoneThen many predicted that videophone would waspopular someday and it wouboth interactants of a video telephoneloved by the public .
However , in recent decades , there was almost no market for the videophonIt wasn't until the 1980sthat ,hone has not emerged in othe IT chipives .
At that timeof the reasons why vithe videophoneould not become popular is that there were technical problems .
Because the communication quality was nhas beenthat good , users could not get clear and the videophonemages .
Bubeen integrated intoom the technical factor , the development of videophone mainly limited by some social and economic factors .
Second reason is due to thThe videophoneissues .
People sometwhen it was first launchednt the her side to see their tired face .
When they are talking , they want to be relaxed and feel free .
Videophone users betweenso commandly look at the video screen and not at the video camera , causing the phone to useto take on an unna useral awkward glance , as the camera is usually just positioned away from the screen ("Videophone ,"2009) .
(Videophone , 2009) .The second there was  standard .
For a long time , although there were some companies producing videophones , different kinds of videophone from different companies cat ease not communicate with each other because they did not share a standard .
Another reason may be that people actually desire less fidelity in their communication , as evidenced by the popularity of written covideophones (i .e .
texting and instant messaging , which are commonly available on all video-enabled cell phones and web chat programs)("Videophone ,"2009) .
) (Videophone , 2009) .Nowadays , with the fast development of the internet , more and more people accept to video chat through some internet chatting software .
The necessity of using videophone is becoming lower and lower .
According to E .M .Rogers , the pioneer of diffusion of innovations theory , there are basically six stages in the innovation development process: needs/problems , research , development , commercialization , diffusion & adoption , consequences .
Specifically , in the development stage , there are two categories of organizations to generate innovation: conventional R&D (Research and Development) organizations and skunk works .
Conventional R&D organizations are "bureaucracies , structured to provide stability and continuity to nurture innovation" (Rogers , 2003 , p .144) .
On the other hand , skunk works are "small and often subversive units within a larger organization that are created in order to pioneer the development of a technological innovation" (Rogers , 2003 , p .144) .
Technologies generated in either organization require the dedication of researchers' hard work and basic capital support from the company .
There are some differences , however , between the technologies generated in these two organizations , in terms of time of accomplishing innovation , cost of generation , the maturity of products , etc .
One big difference between the technologies in the two organizations is time of accomplishing innovation .
Normally skunk works generate innovations more quickly than the conventional R&D organizations , for workers in skunk works work "on a crash basis to create an innovation"(Rogers , 2003 , p .144) .
The well-known example is the development of Macintosh .
In the early 1980s , Steve Jobs , president of Apple Computer , established a particular skunk works .
Only after four years did the revolutionary new computer be displayed at Apple's annual stockholders' meeting (Rogers , 2003 , p .144) .
On the other hand , conventional generated technology probably takes a longer time; for example , another revolutionary invention , light bulb , was first generated in the 1800s .
Until the 1850s , after Thomas Alva Edison and other engineers' improvement , light bulbs became prevalent (History of the light bulbs , Wikipedia) .
In recent years , skunk works are mostly generated due to commercial or marketing competition .
Workers in the skunk works have stronger motives than those in the conventional organization .
The result is that researchers in the skunk works generate innovation faster .
To generate innovation in a comparable short time as mentioned previously , normally skunk works assemble mNormally ,tanding personnel and more capital as opposed to conventional R&D organizations .
Therefore , people highly selected can accomplish the task without much trouble in capital .
One example is the Xerox Corporation , then the world's leading document copier manufacturer , which founded its skunk works Xerox PARC with the investment of $150 million , which generated the mouse and other important personal computing technologies due to its brilliant personnel (Rogers , 2003) .
Although Xerox failed toconventionallyose technologies to the marketplace due to its poor commercial strategies , it is significantly meaningful that in a short time , Xerox PARC attained so many technological breakthroughs that were adopted later .
Besides the differences of time and cost , nevertheless , when coming to the commercialization stage , products transferred from technology in skunk works are sometimes not so mature as those transferred from conventional R&D organization due to the time limitation .
Actually , the Macintosh was announced before 1984 , but then postponed several times for immaturity in technology (Rogers , 2003 , p .144) .
On the contrary , Conventional R&D organizations have more time to make their innovation more customer-friendly and more mature in technology .
In a nutshell , on average , skunk works generate technological innovations more effectively and efficiently .
However , it has higher requirements for the personnel and capital , which are difficult for some companies that are organizationsof capital .
Nevertheless , conventional R&D organizations can generate innovations stably and continuously , which is still essential to the development of the company .
The technologieconventionalin both organizations help build a better world .
Prior to the Industrial Revolution in the 19th century , the needs of people were just basic-food , clothing , air and last but not least , shelter .
Now , the needs have just expanded from the basic four needs to other needs such as entertainment , communication , and transportation .
However , the question is which need requires more attention than the others in this modern era ?
The answer would be transportation .
Well , in order to have  better transportation , design processes are needed to fulfill the need .
Transportation which is cheap and safe , environmentally friendly and uses alternative source of energy ,  is most desirable .
One of the eminent challenges faced by  modern transportation is to depend less on fossil fuels .
With the rate of usage of fossil fuels - at three billion barrels per year now - , it will not take long before  fuels get depleted .
According to a presentation made by Osman Chughtai and David Shannon fossil fuels will  run out in 17 years minimum or a maximum of 50 to 70 years .
Nevertheless , other transportation problems like producing too much pollutants such as nitrogen oxides .
Pollutants produced have been proved to have had an enormous effect on the Earth's ozone layer , corroding the ozone layers and exposing humans to  deadly ultraviolet rays .
To add to the problems stated above , the world currently needs  better transportation , in terms of safety and functionalities as well as  cost .
As an example , cars produced must be durable , meaning that the cars must be able to withstand great momentum struck on them .
Besides that , weather must not be an obstacle for good cars .
In addition , cars must be low in cost despite having all the functionalities .
Therefore , in order to counter all the problems , engineers need to go through design processes .
First of all , engineering processes provide the foundation for research to get a new state-of-the-art design .
Engineers have to identify the problems such as producing a transport that does not run on fossil fuel .
Then , they can brainstorm to come up with a new design that meets all the criteria for a better car .
Recently , there was  groundbreaking news stating that engineers found a technology called H2CAR process , a process for producing fuels from plants or what they call the process-biomass .
(Venere  , E . New biofuels process promises to meet all U .S . transportation needs .
Retrieved on 5/09/2009 .http://www .purdue .edu/UNS/x/2007a/070314AgrawalBiomass .html)
Besides research , development processes enable engineers to produce designs that will be tested on real ground .
Effectiveness , durability and functionalities of the designs will be tested .
In this case , transportation like cars must be able to withstand extreme weathers and must be aerodynamically shaped for maneuverability .
Car safety must be included in the blueprint of the car as well .
Previously , engineers managed to come up with a design called catalytic converter with a function to reduce the pollutants released due to combustion .
In a nutshell , design processes are the main essence for a better future transportation , in terms of fuel type , environmentalenvironmental friendliness , functionalities as well as  cost .
This need must be taken seriously in order to secure a brighter future --  a future where people do not need to travel on bicycle or on foot .
"Chinese mobile phone users total 703 million"(HYPERLINK "http://thegovmonitor .com/world_news/asia/chinese-mobile-phone-users-total-703-million-3376 .html"http://thegovmonitor .com/world_news/asia/chinese-mobile-phone-users-total-703-million-3376 .html) this is reported at 4th September 2009 .
But seven out of ten of the mobile phones users holding are not Chinese brands .
How can Chinese enterprises compete against foreign mobile phones ?
Innovation !
History witnesses that mobile phone markets are always broadened by new features of the phone .
Motorola 8900 which was available in market in the year 1995 was firstly featured with a cover so that miss-press of button was avoided .
At the same year the first self-chosen ring tongue was heard from Ericsson GH398 .
The first folding phone was Motorola 328C born January 1999 .Nokia 7110 is the first mobile phone with a wap browser which was released in October 1999 .
Hagenuk CH9771 was the first mobile phone put its antenna inside the phone .
All these new features brought a great raise in revenue .
Innovation shows great power in mobile market .
Functioeappearancen endless way to go .
Basically a smart phone can have music player , video palyback , camera , GPS , wi-fi and so on .
There are plenty of functions now but the new the better .
A phone can act as a telescopcolumnirdnest during Beijing 2008 Olympic Games by using the camera and its zoom function .
It can also design a diet for its owner outside to lose weight .
A phone can be a weatherperson , an e-pet or whatever .
As technology develops and society changes , more and more functions will be possible and wanted .
Innovative mobile design is important also because designers can harvest both copy right and market .
A new design is protected by its copy right so that for the producer meet slnewert competition entering the market .
To conclude , China mobile inthe Beijingneed to work on innovation of phones' appearance and function .
Another very important problem in practical production is corruption .
It often causes more serious problems than other problems .
It is a very serious problem that exists in almost every area .
For  leaders in  companies and factorie , if they are corrupt , they  only care about their own benefits and ignore many others .
There are many cases of corrupt leaders leading their whole companies or factories to go bankrupt .
And there are also some cases which are more scary .
Some  set up a company just  to cheat; all their actions  are about cheating for money from consumers or other companies .
For the staffs , if they are corrupt , they would not focus on their jobs any more .
Furthermore , they would envy others who have a higher position or make more money or make greater contributions .
In such case , they may create a lot of bad things , maybe to frame others , in order to receive more benefits for themselves .
For workers , they would only care about how to please their leaders to get more benefits and not care about  production .
The worse influence is for corrupt people to affect the general mood of a company or a factory .
To conclude , there are many existing problems hampering engineering design processes for innovations .
And the state of information communication and corruption are two most serious ones in my home country .
We should seek ways to solve them .
In this era of globalization , engineering design has been emphasized by  governments  all over the world , such as the UnitedStates , Russia and France .
This is because the development of engineering design could bring many advantages to a country's economy and society .
Currently ,  scientists  perceive a future problem and launch some research to overcome it .
If we observe our surroundings , we can see many inventions with technological creativity such as computer , automobile and other electrical appliances .
Nevertheless , there are some problems which significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations in my home country , Malaysia , and impact  certain stages of  engineering design .
Firstly , financial problem is one of the factors which constrains engineering design processes for innovations .
As we all know , if we want to improve our engineering design  , we need to launch much research .
Therefore , Research and Development (R&D) plays a very important part in engineering design processes for innovations .
Subsequently , a lump sum of money  to be used to launch all such research , but our government is not able to invest  much money on all  .
So ,  financial problem arises and constrain  engineering design processes for innovations .
Malaysia is a country which is still developing and not as wealthy as other western developed countries such as the UnitedStates , France and Germany .
Hence , we lack  money to improve our facilities for research such as well-equipped laboratories and other highly technological instruments .
In fact , this will causes the engineering design processes to be interrupted halfway because of  lack of  highly technological instruments .
For instance , if we want to design a race car , we need some highly technological instruments to do research on  car engines and other parts of a car .
And although we have already found  important information through research , we still cannot continue  analyses of design solutions because of  lack of highly technological instruments to be used for investigation .
Other than financial problem , we are also facing the problem of lack of professionals in certain engineering fields such as mechanical engineering , chemical engineering and electrical engineering .
Much of the research  engineering design  carried out in  modern countries  been done successfully .
This is because there are many professionals in their countries .
In fact , the lack of professionals in engineering fields has resulted in the failure of some research .
For instance , some of the automobile research   due to the lack of  professionals .
The stage of analysis of design solution has been constrained because of  limited knowledge and lack of professionals .
Hence , some forums on engineering design should be held between our country and other modern countries  .
For instance , the forum on how to manufacture an eco-car can be held in order to help us exchange our opinions with the professionals from modern countries .
In a nutshell , financial problem and lack of professionals in my home country should be solved as soon as possible to improve our engineering design processes  .
Hence , the private sector , the government and also citizens should work hand in hand in order to encourage more investment in engineering design research and produce more professionals in the field of engineering design in the future .
Indonesia , a country hosting more than two hundred and thirty million citizens , is South East Asia's largest country and economy to date .
Yet Indonesia still trails behind its neighboring countries such as Malaysia , Thailand , and even The Little Red Dot: Singapore , in terms of advancement in design based technology .
It is commonly believed that the slow rate of technological growth in Indonesia is caused by two major problems , which may hamper the innovative engineering design process .
Firstly , Indonesia lawithture of innovation .
According to the statistics published by UNICEF in 2007 , only fifty percent of Indonesian citizens are urbanized , which means the other half live in rural areas with little exposure to modern world and technology .
People living in traditional videsign-basedvery simple life .
They stick to their ancestors' traditions , and sometimes prefer traditional way of doing things to labor sving modern devices; for example: some farmers prefer buffalo driven ploughs to tractors .
Moreover , the farmers still rely on the government supplies and subsidies , which encounters a lot of logistics problems , instead of innovating their own way of solving problems .
Besides , most universities in Indonesia are more teaching based , less research intensive than those in Japan or The States; that makes Indonesian university students less creative and innovative in problem solving .
As a result , Indonesian engineers usually provide less possibility of solutions in tackling a problem compared to those who are trained abroad .
long-timeproductsIn conclusion , Indonesia still faces several challenges in developing its design-based technology .
To tackle them , Indonesian government has to work hard in developing innovativ culture in the society , and it iseasing the people's dependability on the government .
According to Khandani's statement "What distinguishes engineers from painters , poets , or sculptors is that engineers apply their creative energies to producing products or systems that meet human needs" , all engineering designs aim to meet human demands  .
Now , when  society develops , people are looking for new designs to satisfy their comfortable lives .
ThThesese new designs may be  demands for entertainment , education or even something beyond our imagination .
However , in my opinion , one of the main concerns in our society is finding a new energy supply to substitute for the old ones which have beendepleted due to  human exploitation .
In order to solve this urgent demand , engineering plays an important role in finding  other alternatives such as nuclear energy , solar energy and geothermal energy .
Evidently , energy has become vital and indispensable in our life , relating to most of everything we deal with .
Because of the influence of energy ,  natural resources have invisibly caused wars and conflicts between many countries over time .
The recent war between the United States and Iraq in 2000 might be considered to be a typical example .
Although the U .S . has been saying that this war is for  anti-terrorism , or more importantly for maintaining peace  the world , it is clear that one of the reasons why American troopers stay in Iraq is the benefits of petroleum .
This is a typical example of  how important energy is since it has a great impact on our daily life .
Due to the non-renewability of  natural "fossil" resources , the more demands  society needs , the more exhausted these resources become .
According to the online newspaper Financial Times (2006) and USA Today news (2004) , the oil reserves in Trinidad and Tobago will run out in the next 20 years and the world oil reserves will become exhausted just in 40 years .
These figures partly show the urgent necessity to find a feasible alternative energy source which will never become exhausted .
The process of finding a new alternative energy source , which is not only renewable but also environmental-friendly , has been undertaken for a long time and regarded as an ultimate goal for engineering .
Another solution is the perpetual resources  known as solar , geothermal energy  , etc .The solar energy is drawn from sunlight's energy by many solar panels which are designed to fit  house roofs .
This energy is converted into electric or thermal energy to serve our life .
Geothermal power takes the thermal calorie in the entrails of the earth and translates into other energies which contribute an important role in operating turbines and machines .
There are three basic types of geothermal energy plants (i .e .
the dry steam plants , flash steam plants and binary power plants) .
Geothermal energy is considered as the most potential alternative for  nonrenewable energy  in the future .
Though the perpetual resources are always there for us , their use may be constrained by the lack of technology for control and delivery , and also by investment and willingness to pay .
Also , these resources may not be applied and used everywhere on earth due to  geographic differences .
In conclusion , I contend that energy problem should be classified as first priority for humans to solve not only because of many huge benefits it provides for people but also because of the critical shortage of energy resources .
In this context , engineering design process meet these urgent needs by finding many feasible solutions such as nuclear energy , solar energy and geothermal energy sources .
Although this process has just had initial achievements , it promises a fully potential energy source in the future which may permanently serve human kind .
Nowadays , the petrol price has fluctuated a lot .
Thus , many countries spend more money and time on developing new resources which can be used as a substitute for petroleum .
Energies such as solar energy have been promoted to fulfill this purpose .
This can be seen through the increase in research and development of  solar cars or other products .
The use of  solar energy-related goods has been highly encouraged by  environmentalists .
So , I would like to discuss  the reasons for innovation in such technology based on economic , governmental and environmental factors .
Secondly , petrol resources are not evenly distributed around the world .
This means that some countries control more petrol while some may not have it at all .
This results in certain countries feeling unsecured as they are afraid that their potential enemies may use this as a weak point to harm them .
For example , their enemy may cut down the inflow of the petrol  .
Without petrol , the economy in the country will be affected badly .
Lastly , solar energy is free of pollution .
It is commonly known that burning of petroleum will release carbon dioxide , nitrogen and some other gases which will cause air pollution .
This will in turn cause many harmful results including acidic rain or global warming .
On the contrary , solar energy will not lead to such pollution .
And as solar energy comes from the sun , it can be regarded as reproducible and we do not need to worry about if it will be depleted one day .
In conclusion , I think we should decrease the use of petrol-related products and slowly switch towards using the products which need new resources .
Only if we show our interests in and demands for these products ,  researchers can have motivation and more funds to do their projects .
Engineers are indispensable .
Their achievements are influencing the developments of every industry .
As the application of engineering spreads , few can tell the exact range of engineers' work .
But one task of all the engineers is common: to meet people's needs .
People's need is so various that one prime need must be given priority to avoid distractions .
In today's world , this need should be people's demand of fresh water .
As is known , water is a resource that human canninfluence .
Its uses rangefrom climate regulating , industry application to food processing and daily drinking .
Water is even the sign of life .
Scientists often use it as the first criteria to judge whether there is lneedsoarea new landed planet .
This means that water is probably the first thing creatures need to maintain life .
Therefore , water is also oneforssential need for people to survive .
Back to a hundred years ago , water was never a concern .
While , today it is different .
It's now commonly recognized that fresh water will be the scarcest resource in the follow century .
Some people even assume that the next world war will be fought for the limited fresh water on the earth .
In order to ensure human's survival and the peace of world , engineers should respect the human's need for water most when designing products .
humans'world peacehumans'because ofOne aspect engineer should work on to humanspeople's need of water is to reduce the pollution regulationiand industryss .
Pollution is one main reason for water scarcity .
To be exact , there is never a lack of water on the earth , but pollution damaged most of the available water sources , such as rivers and lacks .
Pollution in water is often caused by waste emission generated in industry processes .
To solve this problem , the best way is to emphasis ennAal friendliness when engineers design machine , wr deelop new procedures for It isstry use .
This can stop pollution to water more thoroughly than government's fifollowingwater pollution .
inIn additionengineersers can design device that can save water .
People are using er everywhere the engineeringer than in industry .
Therefore , if device can avoid wasting water in daily life of each person , it will suy save considerably large amount of water .
Small device like taps , water coolers , washlakesachines , can all be the targets of engineers .
Engineers should attach importance to water-efficiency together with other efficiencies regarding designing device , so that enough water can be conserved to meet people's need .
needsdevicesgiveand washingdevicesTo sum up , engineering should givea deviceity to people's need for water first , as water is necessary for human's survival .
In order to highligha device need , engineers should emphthe dailyon environmental friendliness and water saa considerablygning .
For the next 10 years or more , Singapore  have a high percentage of population consisting of the elderly .
There are a few factors leading to an ageing populationlike low birth rates and increase in the cost of standard of living .
With the increase in the number of elderly , there would be a need for safety areas , thus products or services should be designed to meet this need .
For example , one of the current market products is called "MEMSwear" which is produced by National University of Singapore engineers .
This product is a smart suit that is equipped with an array of microsensors which are able to detect falls suffered by the wearers and to send alerts to their caregivers .
Besides these functions , the engineers have also included an "impact-reduction" system to reduce the damage done on the wearer when he or she falls .
For the product , we have seen that the engineers have made use of  engineering design processes to meet the need .
Firstly , they have defined the problem , which is  ageing population , and they have seen the need to invent a product which could give extra safety protection to the elderly .
Secondly , they have brainstormed on the preliminary criteria for a better design for the product (Khandani , 2005)) .
For example , for the first version of the product , they have not included the "impact-induction" system .
Without this feature , the wearer might suffer a serious accident if he or she falls .
Thus , through the use of engineering design processes , they have come out with a better design of the product .
Next , this is another product which works alike as the previous product .
But other than the features that the "MEMSwear" has , this product has additional functions (Khandani , S . (2005)) .
One of the functions is that upon receiving an alert when the user has a serious fall , it would dial for ambulance immediately .
This would greatly reduce the consequences of the fall if actions are taken within a shorter time .
Another additional function is the implementation of a temperature sensor .
For instance , in the case of a fire , the temperature sensor would be alerted and will send warning alerts to their caregivers or call for Civil Defense Force immediately .
Furthermore , when considering the design of the product , there is a need to make special considerations that are suitable for  elderly use .
Those factors that might need to be taken into consideration when designing the product are inflexible movements and slow response time .
Engineers would have to use the engineering design processes to list out multiple solutions the designing of product (Khandani , S . (2005)) .
For each solution , they would have to analyze and select one of the best solutions that suits most of the criteria listed .
In order to make sure the product works well , engineers have to test it before they launch the product .
In conclusion , we have seen that the problems of ageing population could get more serious in the next few years , thus there is a need to design a product that could help to reduce the risks and impacts faced by the ageing population .
Through examples of these two products , we could see that both of them have made use of  engineering design processes to meet the need .
And thus , they proved that it is really important to go through  engineering design processes when inventing a new product .
Human activities on Earth have depleted Earth's valuable yet limited  natural resources , thus damaging the its environment .
This causes Earth's natural resources to be depleted and modify Earth's environment so much that it is no longer suitable for human life .
Therefore , humans have to give priorities to conserving Earth's natural resources and protecting its environment .
This can be achieved by completely setting aside already available engineering processes , modifying and improving these old processes , or correctly identifying the reasons for the rise of that need .
Secondly , instead of removing available engineering processes , they can also be modified so that their original functions are still available but at the same time satisfies the need to preserve natural resources and protect the environment .
For example , transportation systems like cars require fuels like fossil fuels which are processed from a depleting natural resource , fossil fuels .
Furthermore , greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide are produced from these cars which  contribute to the notorious greenhouse effect .
To solve this problem , engineering processes like the designing of the car's engine can be changed .
For instance ,  electric cars by General Motors use electricity to power the car's engine instead of fossil fuels .
This satisfy the need as electricity can be generated from renewable sources of energy like solar and wind energy .
Furthermore , greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide will also not be emitted  .
Thus , we can observe how modifying available engineering processes can satisfy the need .
Thirdly , the need can be fulfilled by correctly identifying and analyzing the reason for the rise of that need , so that  correct decisions can be made through engineering processes  .
For example , CFC gases in the past are a by-product of many of our industries .
These gases caused the destruction of the Earth's ozone layer in the atmosphere which caused more harmful ultraviolet , UV rays to penetrate the atmosphere , and consequently health problems like skin cancer to humans due to these UV rays .
Therefore , a worldwide policy was implemented to ban the emission of CFC gases into the atmosphere by industries .
Thus , we can see how making  correct decisions to prevent pollution to the environment can fulfill the need .
In conclusion , to ensure a sufficient supply of natural resources and a healthy environment for us and our future generations to live in , these processes can meet our needs by removing and introducing or modifying available engineering processes and making  correct decisions through engineering processes  .
According to Khandani (2005) , engineers design products or systems that meet human needs .
Out of all the human needs in the world ,  clean water should be given priority compared with others .
Despite the fact that the amount of water on earth is quite large , nevertheless , we can only drink a very small part of it .
It is because most of the water in the world is sea water , which is not potable at all .
In addition , due to  global warming , the sea level rises .
Therefore , some precious sources of drinking water , like underground water ,  are polluted and not drinkable any more , which makes the situation even worse .
In some regions in the world , such as the Middle East and Africa , the shortage of clean drinking water is very serious , which sometimes causes wars .
To solve this problem , there are two ways in which engineers can contribute .
The first way is to design a system to recycle used water .
Water we daily use can be divided into two categories ,  for drinking and not for drinking .
For example , water we use to flush toilets , to irrigate farmland and to wash cars is not necessary to reach the same hygienic level as the drinking water .
Hence , we may use recycled water to do these jobs so that we can save more clean drinking water for people  .
Actually , this idea has already been adopted by many countries to relieve the pressure caused by the shortage of water .
Moreover , some developed countries , such as Singapore , have mastered this technology so well that recycled water can be drunk directly , which really helps a lot to solve the problem of shortage of water .
However , this method may not be suitable for  developing and undeveloped countries because it costs a lot of money , and the technology required is also very high .
The other way to get drinking water is through desalination of sea water .
As mentioned before , the amount of sea water is truly vast; therefore , humans can certainly take sea water as another source of drinking water .
However , the process of desalination of sea water is very difficult .
It requires highly advanced science and technology , and of course , it is very costly .
Another limitation of this method is that it can only be applied in seaside countries , like Singapore , which means that it is not the first choice of many inland countries .
But since it also has its advantage , like the huge and widespread source , it is still worth trying .
According to Khandani (2005) , the net result or purpose of most engineering designs is to produce a product that generates a profit for the company .
Therefore , since the two methods mentioned above are both costly and difficult to apply , they can be restricted by the economic and the market and thus , they may be not able to solve the shortage of water in a short period .
But what is important is that , at least , these two methods give us hope .
It is this kind of hope that motivates humans to develop , to improve , to pursue our dreams , and finally to have such a beautiful world today .
Hope is the most significant contribution which engineers have contributed to the world .
The environment-friendly car is a current human need which should be given priority .
Humans need to travel from one place to another easily .
The current car's technology , the fuel injection , has satisfied that need , but has not satisfied the environment's needs .
Humans need a car which is not only able to transport them easily but also is friendly to the environment .
It is the doctors' job to apply their creative energies in designing a solution which meets humans' need .
First of all , the current car's technology , the fuel injection , has satisfied humans' need to travel .
For example , the time taken to travel from one place to another with a distance of a few hundred kilometres has been reduced from 2-3 days to 2-3 hours; as a result , humans are able to travel instantly .
This  indeed makes humans' means of transportation rising to another level .
Second , in contrast with the benefit  fuel injection has contributed to human life , it has , in fact , polluted the environment .
This is due to  fuel processing in the car .
For example ,  fuel injection is exhausting Carbon Dioxide (CO2) as a result of incomplete burning of fuels .
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas that traps the earth's heat and contributes to global warming .
Third , humans not only need to travel but also need a pollution -free environment to live in .
In  view of this issue , engineers are needed on designing a solution .
According to Khandani (2005) , products or systems are designed by engineers to meet human needs .
For years , engineers have experimented to design a solution to this issue .
For example , Japan's engineers have experimented for about 10 years before they successfully designed an eco-car which makes use of electric energy .
This eco-car has no fuel tank  , therefore , it produces no emissions at all .
On top of that , Japan's eco-car is as fast as the fuel injection car .
Lastly , Japan's engineers had followed engineering design processes Khandani (2005) to design their first eco-car .
They started by defining the problem of the fuel injection system .
They argued that the fuel injection system's problem lies in the fuel it uses .
Therefore , Japan's engineers started to look for alternate fuel for their eco-car .
They gathered information in order to arrive successfully at the right fuel source; subsequently , they decided to use electricity as the fuel .
The road to success is not smooth; likewise , Japan's engineers had gone through a lot of challenges and tests before they arrived at the final prototype of Japan's first eco-car .
Humans need to care about the environment's condition in order to preserve it for the new generation .
The new generation deserves to live in the same environment as we do .
To conclude , by using engineering design processes , engineers can design products that meet human needs .
Healthcare is a basic essential in every country .
It compromises of the people's living condition , availability of medical treatment and prevention of disease .
Emphasis on healthcare services differs from country to country .
For instance in Singapore and Japan , healthcare is emphasized on the elderly due to their aging populations but both execute their policies in different ways .
Hence , we will look at the principle of healthcare of the elderly in respective countries and the solution to the healthcare needs of an aging population .
The aging community has become an eminent issue in Singapore .
With a replacement rate of 1 .5 children to 2 adults and an estimation that by 2030 , 18 .4% of the population will be made up by the elderly , it is no wonder why Singapore government is promoting reproduction in young couples .
As the population ages , the main users of hospital services will be the  elderly .
Therefore , improvement in healthcare services for the elderly is essential .
Mobility of the elderly is a factor as well , as they have problems walking and moving around .
According to a survey in 2004 , Singapore is  one of the unfriendliest countries towards the wheel chair bounded .
Hence , there is a need for us to impove the healthcare services of our older citizens .
In Japan , nearly one quarter of the population is made up of the  elderly .
This is mainly due to the speed of industrialization in Japan .
Being one of the economic giants , Japan industrializes very fast at an early stage .
This causes an imbalance between work and family .
The fast paced society forces citizens to place work as priority over family resulting in a declining population .
In addition , in Japan , pay increases with the age of the workers .
Hence , companies tend to seek younger employees causing the older workers to lose their jobs and their health pension benefits .
Since the number of  elderly is increasing , it is important to cater to their needs in terms of healthcare .
The first concern is the living condition of the  elderly .
Home care facilities such as hospices , day care centres and nursing homes are built to look after the elderly especially when their family members are unable to do so .
For example , in Singapore , one room apartment with specially installed emergency buttons and lifts is catered to the elderly .
These apartments are created in such a way that they minimize the risk of the elderly injuring themselves .
The second concern is the mobility of the elderly .
Shopping malls and other common places should be equipped with more ramps and handicapped -friendly escalators .
Furthermore , on trains in Singapore , certain seats are allocated for the elderly .
Last but not least , health benefits for elderly should be protected .
They should be offered free medical check-ups and treatment if necessary .
In conclusion , healthcare services should not be neglected especially in countries which face an aging population .
More need to be done to improve our healthcare sector so as to achieve a healthier and wealthier society .
Over the past century , numerous research breakthroughs and creative innovations have allowed engineering design processes to meet various human needs .
According to Khandani (2005) , engineering designs are systems that are introduced by humans through combining different technologies and innovations to satisfy a particular human need creating ability for humans to complete a task faster or more efficiently .
To produce these systems , design processes are carried out over a period of time , ranging from months to years , and they are conducted based on a series of steps .
For example , water supply has been a main concern for the Singapore government as Singapore has no natural sources of water .
Consequently , after years of research and design  to alleviate this problem , the NEWater technology was invented .
This technology allows used water to be reusable after undergoing treatment through microfiltration and reverse osmosis .
This is an example of a particular human need which has been satisfied by an engineering design system .
Even though engineering design processes have been aiding humans in meeting many of their needs in the past , many others have yet to be satisfied; and the need to tackle pollution is one of them .
Pollution has been an ongoing problem for the past few decades or so and thus far , little has been done to alleviate this problem .
Global warming , as a result , is becoming more and more an issue of rising concern as little has been done to eliminate or substantially reduce pollution .
Temperature has been increasing due to the excessive release of greenhouse gases; and sea levels have been rising due to the melting of ice caps in the North and South poles .
Time is running out and to protect the sustainability of life on Earth , necessary actions have to be taken immediately , and if not , as soon as possible , and the help of engineering design processes should not be left out .
First and foremost , vehicles have been a main source of pollution and a large contributor to  emission of greenhouse gases .
In the past , vehicles used to emit harmful gases such as carbon monoxide .
Subsequently , engineering design processes have made possible the invention of catalytic converters which convert the harmful gases emitted by vehicles into non-harmful gases .
On the flip side , although the problem of the emission of harmful gases has been  , vehicles today are releasing carbon dioxide , which is a greenhouse gas , instead .
Consequently , a new engineering design process has to be carried out to rectify this problem .
After years of research , then comes the idea of inventing an environmentally-friendly car , also known as an ecocar .
For example , a group of Engineering and Design students from Singapore has invented its first environmentally-friendly car which does not emit any amount of carbon .
This is an example of a great breakthrough of an engineering design process which will be able to tackle the problem of pollution .
Another area of concern that is contributing much to the pollution of the environment is energy generation .
Power stations , also known as power plants , are common sources of energy in most countries and they make use of the combustion of fuels to produce energy in powering up the whole city .
Due to the combustion of fuels , pollution occurs; and taking into consideration that many countries have adopted the use of power stations , the effects of polluting the environment occur on a large scale .
Therefore , cleaner sources of energy generation have to be discovered and engineering design processes can do just that .
An example of a clean method of energy generation would be the invention of solar technology .
Solar technology makes use of heat and radiation from the Sun to produce useful forms of energy; and this is made possible by engineering design processes .
To conclude , pollution is an ongoing , serious problem in which swift actions need to be taken .
It is a human need to neutralize this situation because Earth's and human's sustainability is at stake .
With engineering design processes , the benefits of gaining control over pollution are tremendous .
However , engineering design processes take a certain period of time as factors such as safety and other side effects have to be put into consideration too .
Moreover , we humans cannot be totally dependent on engineering design systems only .
We have to be socially-responsible as every living person has a part to play in tackling pollution .
Throughout the years , there has always been a debate on whether technology shapes society , a technologically determinist perspective , or  society shapes technology , a socially determinist view .
One such technology that is closely related to this debate is the invention of the automobile .
Without this invention , we would probably still be riding the bicycle to work or school .
Looking back at history , we can see how this important technology has been shaped by societal factors as well as technological factors .
Due to the influence of these factors ,  gasoline-powered cars have won over  electric cars for years .
Firstly , societal factors like the expansion of cities favor  gasoline cars over electric cars .
As cities grow bigger , it becomes impractical to have an electric car for travelling .
For example ,  gasoline-powered cars can travel an average of about 300km on a full tank of petrol as compared to a maximum distance of 150km for a full charge on an electric battery .
In big cities like the United States , travelling to and fro from work can easily surpass 100km .
Also with the expansion of society , time becomes money .
No one is willing to spend 8 hours a day waiting for their car to be charged fully before they can make use of it .
Next , technological factors likecurrently available technology and limitation of resources have also helped shaped  automobiles .
With current technology , more hybrid cars are showing up on the market .
Hybrid cars involve either part gasoline and part electric or part gasoline and part compressed natural gas (CNG) .
This is made possible only with the advancement of technology as compared to the past .
For instance , the regenerative brake system has been invented whereby you charge your battery just by braking .
Car manufacturers like Chevrolet are cashing in on this possible new market , and coming up with new models like the Optra Magnum CNG in 2008 .
With a cleaner and efficient hybrid car , more people are opting for the switch .
The gasoline-powered car has finally seen a worthy competitor .
However , technological restraints like limited resources have been a set back for hybrid users .
Looking at Singapore for example , there are only 5 CNG refueling points around the country .
To get your vehicle refueled would be troublesome if the nearest CNG petrol station is far away .
This constraint makes consumers think twice before purchasing a hybrid vehicle .
Also , the fact that hybrid cars are a relatively new technology , car repair shops might not have the knowledge to repair hybrid cars yet , and any repairs must be sent back to the car manufacturer .
This makes it inconvenient if the shop is located far away from the consumer .
In short , these few factors have played an important role in shaping the automobiles that we know today .
Imagine if there are no technological restraints and that we could create a self replenishing battery .
The possibilities are endless , but it proves one point .
Technology and society co-exist and affect one another .
Even until now , we are shaping many other technological inventions .
Only the future can foretell the impact of these factors on technological advancement such as in the automobile industry .
Who knows , hybrid cars might actually manage to successfully dethrone  gasoline-powered  cars in the near future .
Electronics such as lights and cars have become essential to  human beings over the past years .
However , these electronics though wonderful ,  consume a huge amount of energy .
Given that the global price of fuel is on the rise , users of these electronics are incurring higher cost .
One current human need that should be given priority for engineering design is to have cos-saving electronics .
Firstly , the problems with lights is that , in order to save electricity , the user will have to manually turn off the lights upon leaving the area , which is rather impractical in places such as offices , toilets and classrooms which require the lights to be constantly turned on .
The idea of electricity conservation on usage of lights was to have the lights automatically turned off when the area is empty .
As a result , the idea sparked off the concept of integrating motion sensors to lights .
The challenge in having a motion sensor light to automatically turn on and off the lights with the presence of a human being was how to accurately identify the presence of a human being in the area monitored by the sensor .
To overcome the challenge , the motion sensors use infrared energy to detect human beings .
In addition , these sensors are also highly sensitive to human body temperature , therefore resulting in a highly accurate detection .
Today these motion sensor lights are used almost everywhere , in offices , toilets , classrooms and even homes .
Secondly , the recent price hikes in petrol fuel have caused human beings to pay a higher amount of money for their car petrol as compared to previously .
To overcome the price hikes , an alternative to petrol fuel is needed .
The outcome of intensive engineering design was to replace petrol fuel with (CNG) Compressed Natural Gas .
These natural gases are widely available on earth as compared to petrol fuel which is getting limited as  oil reserves get depleted .
In order for a car to be powered using CNG , there are certain modifications that needed to be done .
For example , new fuel storage was introduced , and took the name of Integrated Storage System .
Another example is the modification of the engine .
The natural gas from the storage cylinders flows into a fuel line when the engine is started .
The gas is then ignited by a spark plug , thus powering the car .
In Singapore , public transports such as taxisand buses have converted to CNG .
In addition , according to Channel NewsAsia , there is an increasing number of private cars owners converting their conventional petrol fuel-powered cars to CNG cars .
Engineering designs have improved the designs of lights and cars , which used to consume a huge amount of energy in the past .
To sum up , with the depletion of natural resources and high electricity and fuel cost , engineering designing should be given priority  cost saving electronics .
Engineering design is the process of creating a system or products to meet the desired needs of people .
Usually , engineers face difficulty in designing a product or coming out with ideas  demanded by the public .
An engineer needs to define the problem , gather pertinent information , generate and analyse multiple solutions and finally , test and implement  the solution  .
However , the two most disturbing problems that may hamper engineering design processes for innovations are the inability of engineers to generate multiple solutions to convince their superior to implement their products or ideas and the failure of constantly creating a product that is in demand .
Firstly , in the aspect of generating multiple solutions , engineers often face the problems of lack of funds and inability to convince their superior that their idea is feasible .
In most cases , their design will be rejected because the product or idea is not conventional .
Their idea or product is a totally new concept which people may find  hard to accept because of a traditional idea or product that may have been etched in their mind .
For example , in the Singapore National Service ,  military officers , using their portion of dominant influence , typically make most of the important decisions about innovation .
In addition ,  low ranking cadets usually fail to convince  high ranking officers that their innovative products or ideas may improve the military .
One example is the introduction of unmanned combat air vehicles by the engineers in the military .
This unmanned combat air vehicle might have been potent enough to replace the ubiquitous manned fighter in the near future .
However , due to the higher officer not having enough trust over the air vehicle being piloted by a human , this unmanned combat vehicle project did not succeed in being implemented .
Instances such as the above example will significantly affect the morale of the engineers .
Hence , it is imperative to address the issue of engineers unable to convince their superior to implement their products or ideas .
As engineers , if their ideas or products face constant rejection by their superior , they will stop coming up with new ideas or products as they see no purpose in coming up with new ideas or products and constantly opposing their superiors .
Thus ,  superiority in companies will significantly hamper engineers' morale and their design .
Secondly , the other problem that restricts engineering design is the lack of confidence to implement ideas or products that are in demand .
Although in the initial stage response to their products may be good , when it comes to implementing their ideas or products , the response may be different .
Engineers spend a lot of effort in developing these products , but the final products that they design may not be of popular demand .
Society always strives for useful and economic products .
Products that are not practical and expensive will face rejection .
For instance , in the 1960s , Singapore developed a phone that was able to see the other caller .
This type of phone faced rejection because it was expensive and users found it infringing on their privacy .
As a result ,  sales of these phones were low , affecting the morale of the engineer who designed it .
Facing multiple failures may cause engineers to be disheartened and put them on high alert as they will be more careful when they want to design a product .
They will tend to feel disappointed because they need to solicit a lot of funds , putting in their utmost efforts when developing the products , but only to find out that their products face rejection by the public .
This will seriously restrict their innovation because they may be afraid to face constant failure .
The "best" design solution is always hard to develop because it is one that most completely fulfils a client's requirement .
Therefore , engineers may just stop at gathering pertinent information , and not go into generating multiple solutions as they  worry that their products may not be in demand as expected , which again may hamper their design processes for innovations .
In conclusion , it is usually the lack of ability to convince their superiors and the constant rejection by the public that significantly hamper engineering design for innovations .
Traditional mindsets should be changed and let engineers have a chance to develop their ideas .
Furthermore , engineers should do their research and marketing of their products effectively , such that products that they develop will be of market value .
Scientific technology has been developing rapidly since the first industrial revolution .
Meanwhile , many new kinds of innovative inventions come out almost  every day , thus changing the way people live .
It is a remarkable fact  that  technical innovation is viewed differently by different groups of people .
A wonderful invention to a group of people may be disliked  others  .
In general , the justification of the utility of a specific technology or invention depends on the specific opinionsof different group of people .
Space technology is a good example to explain the existence of different views  .
Space technology is a kind of highly innovative , highly composite and also highly costly technology .
Its aim is to find out  unknown scientific questions and for military use .
The beginning of space technology was in America and Russia .
Then it quickly spread out  all over the world .
Nowadays European countries , China , Japan and India  all have advanced development in space technology .
Toward this new technique ,  two opposite opinions exist nowadays .
Governments  and scientists think it is worth to spend money and people working on thisbecause it will benefit the whole country .
However , many people think that it is a waste of resources which can be used to improve people's living conditions .
If we look a little deeper into the causes that lead to the opposite solution , we will find that the focus that specific groups of people pay attention to is , obviously , quite different from each other .
From the governments' and scientists' point-of-view , space technology is essential because it is the fundamental thing we need to do to protect our countries and fulfill future needs .
They pay much attention to keep technological developdevelopment moving and concentrate more on  huge issues , like military demand , and the future .
That is also the reason why every country tries its best to improve  space technology .
Former President of America Reagan even announced the star wars program , although it was given up at the end .
In conclusion , judgments of technical innovation or development always  differ because they are made by different groups of people .
All in all , the differences do really derive from  different thinking perspectives .
Because people tend to think about things associated with their own experience and life , different opinions emerge .
Why is  petroleum very important ?
Petroleum can be extracted and refined to produce fuels including petrol , paraffin , and diesel oil .
Without these extracted products from petroleum , cars cannot run , planes cannot fly , and ships cannot be launched  .
The world may not run any more .
WhatWhat is more , petroleum is a liquid mixture of hydrocarbons which is present in suitable rock strata and is not reproducible for now .
It is said that after 60 years , the world will run out of petroleum .
How are we going to solve this problem ?
There are two ways to solve this problem .
One way is to conserve and save  petroleum .
Engineers have come up with some solutions to saving  petroleum .
The greatest consumption of petroleum is in the transportation operation .
One of the engineer's solutions is to mix  alcohol and petrol together to provide  energy .
This solution is now being tested and implemented  .
In Wuhan , one of the biggest cities in China , all  taxies are operating using this mixed fuel .
Another solution , which is almost the same concept , is the Hybrid-Electric Vehicle .
This kind of vehicles uses both electric power and fuel and is different from the previous version .
It combines  electric power system and fuel system together .
When the vehicle starts , it consumes the electric power .
After the speed of the car reaches a certain range , it will switch to fuel power system .
When using fuel power to start the car , the fuel is not fully burned .
That is why we can smell strong petrol when the car starts .
The concept of power system is to let  fuel fully used in order to save it .
However , conservation alone cannot solve the problem .
The other way is to develop new energy resources to replace petroleum .
Hydrogen fuel cell , solar power and nuclear power are the three hottest topics that have interested engineers most .
Research  on fuel cell on vehicles was started in early 1960s and it has continuously  developed until now .
Most  car makers have come out with their own hydrogen fuel cell-powered vehicles .
But hydrogen fuel cell vehicles are still in the testing and implementation phase .
There are some prototypes running on the road .
But for the finalized product , the cost should be reduced and the efficiency of the cell should be increased .
Solar and nuclear power are the more advanced technology .
Solar power is in the experimental phase .
The key point in increasing the efficiency of solar power is how to isolate the sunshine .
If this challenge can be solved , the potential of solar power is prodigious .
For nuclear power ,  it is using the power generated by  nuclear fusion .
Nuclear fusion is the same way as the sun in generating its power .
Research on nuclear fusion has been going on for decades , but the progress is not very obvious .
In brief , the energy problem is one of our most serious problems  now .
So we need to work on it step by stepand  follow the right rules to arrive at the best solution to this urgent problem .
We live in an era of great change , an increasingly global society as a result of rapid growth in information and communication technologies .
However , the above only holds through for those who are not stricken with poverty .
The needs of poor  people , most of whom are based in developing countries , are endless .
The need for basic infrastructure ranks high on their priorities .
This is because basic infrastructure is the basis for any country to develop essential facilities like transport , housing and education to help the poor .
The engineering design process is an effective way through which the needs of these people could be met comprehensively .
According to Kandani (2005) , the very first step in any engineering design is to identify the need and to define the problem .
The word 'need' refers to a man's desire for a certain product or system .
This need is usually identified by the society and may vary from society to society .
Thus , needs which are considered a necessity to some might actually be a luxury to others .
For example , infrastructure is a real need for those living in the rural villages in Asia but not for the nomads in Africa , although both groups are affected by poverty .
The nomads would prefer to conserve the forests and wildlife so as to be able to carry on with their nomadic lifestyle .
This example clearly illustrates the importance of establishing the need accurately so that engineers would be able to work effectively towards solving the problem .
The second step of this engineering design process is to gather essential information .
In this step , engineers analyze the existing solutions and pick out the pros and cons .
Economic , environmental and safety factors are also analyzed .
Many developing countries have made big plans on establishing infrastructure in the rural areas in an attempt to bridge the gap in the standard of living between the urban towns and suburban villages .
However , these plans tend to get hit by delays after delays because of various reasons .
So it is vital for engineers to collect as much information as possible so as to not repeat the mistakes and go down the same slippery slope of their predecessors .
Once this is done , engineers can start to formulate multiple solutions .
This step urges engineers to temporarily throw the rulebook out of the window , open up their minds and explore many different ideas and possibilities .
Dr . Kandani suggests that a team with professionals from different fields be formed .
This team can work together and share their knowledge and expertise to come up with a few solutions .
The most logical step after coming up with a few solutions is to pick the best one .
This is actually the decision-making process , after studying the various solutions .
For instance , if a school is being built , based on the land available , few designs would have already been thought off .
Certain schools might be able to hold more students while not proving to be as stable as others that hold fewer students but are very much stronger .
So it is in this step that engineers make the decision of which design to adopt while weighing in all the factors to come up with a viable solution .
In conclusion , I would like to recommend the engineering design process because it is very complete in its steps to provide a solution to those in need .
The establishment of basic infrastructure in developing countries through engineering design will give the poor an avenue to successfully escape from the vicious cycle of poverty .
The world today is experiencing global warming which is caused by the burning of fossil fuels and deforestation .
The solution to this problem is the harnessing of an alternative form of energy called kinetic energy in wind .
An example of a product created for this purpose is the wind turbine and it is created using the three main steps in design process to address the problem which are problem definition , information gathering and testing and implementing of solutions .
The first step in the design process is  problem definition .
Following this procedure helps to generate more solutions to the problem addressed .
Tapping  kinetic energy in wind is a good solution as wind is abundant due to the frequent changes in the atmospheric pressure .
This step announces to  engineers that the Earth is in grave danger , thus giving them more motivation to think of a solution .
For example , by defining the problem as the fast decreasing quantity of fossil fuels ,  engineers gain insight into creating a product which can be used to tap kinetic energy in wind .
Referring to the earlier models of windmills like those built in Sistan , Iran , from the seventh century , which were used to grind rice grains , engineers used the same concept to create wind turbine which converts kinetic energy in wind into electrical energy .
The second step in the design process is the gathering of information .
The credibility of the problem needs to be addressed after it has been defined .
The important factor which determines the efficiency of the wind turbine is the general wind flow in the area where the wind turbine is built .
Since the wind turbine heavily depends on the wind to generate electricity , it is important to study the wind flow pattern before the wind turbine is built .
For this study , past weather forecasts and also the internet play vital roles in providing information needed to improve the efficiency of the wind turbine .
The overall gain in electrical energy needs to be calculated to decide whether the building of wind turbine is worth its value .
The last step in the design process is the testing and implementation of solutions .
The testing and implementation of solutions is closely related to the analysis of the design solution .
The main factor which contributes to the analysis is marketability .
For example , the Matilda built at Goland , Sweden produced a surprisingly high sixty-one gigawatts per hour of electricity in fifteen years which produced more energy than the other typical wind turbines .
However , the Matilda was demolished on June 6 , 2008 .
In conclusion , the main three steps in the design process help to create a guideline for the engineers to follow .
Problem definition requires knowledge of wind and thus making full use of it .
In terms of information gathering , the efficiency of the wind turbine is of paramount importance in determining whether it really solves the problem .
Lastly , the testing and implementation of solutions consists of marketability , ergonomics and safety which serve as a check on whether the product is deemed suitable to solve the problem .
Nowadays , engineering design products are everywhere .
Engineering systems play important roles in all  fields , for example , entertainment , healthcare as well as education .
Although they are essential for all  fields , engineering products and systems in healthcare and medical fields should be given the highest priority since health is the most important thing for all human beings .
Designing of medical products which can make all human beings  healthier  is obviously important .
Moreover , some medical products like "Fall Detection System" and "Posture monitoring system" can even help people save life in some ways .
On the other hand , people normally spend much more time for entertainment than healthcare .
As a result , there are mass products for entertainment because of high demand .
Instead , healthcare products should be widely available and used .
There are many healthcare products which are available in research organizations but not widely available in the current market .
For example , "Fall Detection System"  can detect the fall of persons , especially elder people , and can send instant messages via sms to relatives so that they can get immediate help in critical situations .
As mentioned in the "Global action on aging" website  , the number of senior citizens is rising  taking care of them imperative .
It is also mentioned that since the number of elderly people is increasing , the burden of caring is also increasing for young people .
Hence , engineering should consider this situation  and come out with solutions which will  help the elderly and make youth work without worry .
Although there are R&Ds for healthcare products for monitoring and taking care of the elderly , these devices are not widely used in the market .
So , in order to address this situation , engineers should think about  ways that can make the design process meet the needs of the market  .
In order to make engineering design products meet  needs , first of all , a clear and unambiguous definition of the problem should be defined .
Problems should be widely and clearly defined by engineers , the elderly as well as adults so that more innovative products and ideas come out .
Moreover , it is also necessary to make sure that there is enough information to generate clear problem definitions that addresses the real need .
Once alternative solutions come out , engineers need to analyze and decide on the best suited solution to implement  .Governments and organizations are also responsible in supporting the R&D process in order to gather information needed , generate multiple solutions , analyze solutions and test as well as implement solutions which are the necessary steps for the design process .
In conclusion , engineers should try to identify ideal situation in the market for their products , for example , the "Fall Detection System" which can take care of the elderly and the "Posture monitoring system" which can help people of all ages to maintain best posture with the help of government and organizations as well as consumers .
And the goal can also be achieved by developing  suitable design engineering process for healthcare systems and products .
A human need is a necessity that humans need in order to survive .
One main necessity is food .
According to the World Food Program's 2008 report , 25000 people are dying every day due to famine and related issues .
A large portion of the deaths comes from  Third World Countries like Africa and India .
By using the Engineering Design Process introduced by Seyyed Khandani , a professor at Diablo Valley College , we can reduce  famine .
Some factors that contribute to famine famine include political , technological and environmental issues .
The World Food Program (WFP) has been providing food and aid to areas affected by famine  .
By using the engineering design process , the first step is to define the problem .
The definition of the problem is straightforward in the beginning: the people are starving , so they must be provided food .
However , for Malawi , the WFP and the World Bank figured out a solution  , they found out that it is better to donate cash to them; based on their  research and found out that the country has food resources , but the poor cannot afford them .
In the 1990s , the WFP introduced  donation of cash and vouchers  , and one of the pioneer countries that received this  is Malawi .
Thus , providing cash did not only help to solve the famine , it also improved the financial situation of the farmers .
Furthermore , the WFP saved time and cost  collecting  food and delivering it to the affected areas .
In 1970s , the WFP provided food to India to temporarily solve  famine .
During this period , they analyzed the situation to generate other solutions to permanently solve the famine .
According to the design process , the second step is to gather related information , then generate possible solutions .
The first possible solution was to provide genetically modified seeds and fertilizers to  farmers , so that they would obtain higher yield .
Before this solution was implemented , they did a further study , and realized that the solution would not work as the farmers were using traditional farming methods which are not yield efficient .
Hence , the WFP provided machines and farming education to the farmers in the 1980s .
These aids  improved the famine situation as it dropped by about 20% in a WFP 1990s report; On the other hand , these solutions  not applicable to all  lands in India as different areas have different types of lands .
For the dry lands , the WFP had to do further researchresearch on water irrigation methods .
One of the solutions was to construct a drainage system from the Indira Ghandi canal to irrigate the dry lands in the region .
Some events like drought , flood and earthquakes cause famine .
These types of events are unavoidable .
Nevertheless , events like deforestation and overgrazing have also affected fertile lands and caused yields to go down .
Governments spend millions and billions of dollars on entertainment and military expenditure yearly , but ththis large amount of money could have been put to good use in helping their own people .
India has increased  military spending by 50% in 2008 , bringing the amount to 40 billion dollars , although 35% of its people are still affected by famine .
The famine caused by these situations is preventable .
The large amount of money could be invested in the agriculture sector , like using  technology to plant seeds that will grow on dry land which will greatly solve the famine .
In conclusion , the WFP can do more research and analysis , like creating genetic modified seeds that can survive in dry or wet land , or an indoor farming center that will shelter the crops from natural disasters , to resolve the famine issue .
In addition ,  governments can try to allocate more budget to  agriculture and research centers than to the entertainment sector , which is not right when people in their own country are suffering  .
The last step in the design process is to test and implement the solution .
Taking a small step forward will reduce  famine .
Poverty is unavoidable , but famine is preventable .
Thus , we should do more to help the people  are suffering from famine .
Another value of radio was its ability to perform mass communication .
As the average cost of production declined steadily , the radio set was mass produced leading to the birth of radio broadcasting .
Broadcasting allows single directional flow of communication where important information can be disseminated to the mass quickly and effectively .
Warnings and announcements regarding weather or disaster evacuation  made via broadcasting will greatly help in minimising the casualty rate in a disaster as the masses can receive vital and timely information and instruction even when the cable lines are damaged .
The other factors that have influenced the development of radio will be military demands .
The need for communication between joined military operations across forces and formations lead to the development of powerful signal set .
To prevent enemies from tapping on their communications or disrupting their signals , technology such as "anti-jamming" was developed by the military .
Besides improving on communication , military demands had also led to the invention of radar which uses radio wave in detecting distant objects and getting information such as their location and movement .
The technology of radar was soon transferred to civil usage such as by the commercial planes and ships due to its usefulness in navigation .
Another development of radio by military is guided weapon which arises from the need to raise accuracy of weapon in decreasing the chances of damaging and injuring civilian or allied forces .
In conclusion , radio is an important technology that is still being developed and improved continuously .
From its communication values to other discovered usages , economic  and military factors have played a positive role in its overall development .
The invention and development of radio have bettered the society in numerous ways .
A need refers to what is required in order to do something or achieve some state of being .
'Human needs' , for example , have been taken to describe requirements which must be satisfied if harm to an agent is to be avoided .
Overpopulation is one of the current human needs or challenges that should be given priority .
Size or density of the population affects  overpopulation .
In the world where  human populations are growing , we should focus on solving the problem of insufficient land to maintain  life on earth .
Houses today are stronger , and some of them can withstand natural disaster .
For example in Japan , a country where earthquakes happen often , their engineers try to solve the problem of constructing buildings that can withstand earthquakes .
By using the Khandani Principle ,  engineers gather pertinent information about earthquakes and manage to implement a solution after several tests have been conducted , called Seismic retrofitting method , where Seismic retrofitting is the changing of an existing building to a structure that is more resistant to ground motion and soil failure due to earthquakes or seismic activity .
Engineers try to solve overpopulation by combining many houses into one building , thus building multi-unit housing , or also known as attached dwellings , has been initiated .
Apartments , barracks , tenements and terrace houses are good examples of multi-unit housing .
Engineers applied the Khandani principle that time; they defined the problem and gathered enough information to make sure the buildings would not collapse .
For example , in Singapore , where  land is very small , engineers built a lot of condominiums and apartments to solve the problem of insufficient houses and managed to save some of the land for other purposes .
However , in the future , the population will further increase , and  building more multi-unit housing cannot solve the problem effectively .
In my opinion , engineeengineers should focus on upgrading the buildings .
They should build multiple level basements for multi-unit housing and building since we do not really use a lot of the underground space .
Building multiple level basements may cause some other potential problems and engineers should try to solve these .
Engineers have to analyze every possible problem that may occur like water seepage , internal condensation , underground virus and bad acoustics when in building more underground levels .
That is why building more underground level , we need to use the Khandani principle (2005)that requires engineers to gather a lot of pertinent information from any sources available before implementing it .
In addition , engineers can also improve the stability of buildings so that more levels can be built above them .
The stability  depends on the wideness of the base level , the material of the structure and the method of building the structure .
Engineers can increase the width of the base of the structure to support an extra level of building built on it .
Engineers can improve the structures by using stronger material like diamonds , gold ,  etc .
and finding more suitable methods for building a structure .
Nobody can create a perfect solution with just one try .
Engineers need to test the solution before they start to use it .
Hidden problems can be found out by testing them under real conditions (Khandani , 2005) .
In conclusion , with Khandani's the such process , engineers can generate a perfect solution to solve overpopulation .
If we compare the house 10000 BC to the modern house today , engineering design process is apparent .
If in the world we do not have engineering design process , engineers may generate solutions that are ineffective or  may cause harm to other life forms .
There are many human needs in the world and the engineering design process can help to meet those needs in a better way .
The issue of the depletion of earth's natural resources has been raised repeatedly throughout recent times .
The earth's natural resources are not well distributed across the globe , and hence some countries faces the problem of the lack of certain natural resources .
Singapore , due to its small land size area , also face the problem of the lack of natural resources .
In particular , the issue of the lack of water has been the headlines for many times .
In order for Singapore to be self-reliant on water , there is a need for Singapore to create portable water resources for its people .
Singapore had tried a number of ways in its bid to shift towards self-reliance on water .
This includes desalination and damping up of rivers to form water catchment areas .
However , these methods are still short of providing for the growing need of water by its people .
In recent years , the nation's engineers have come up with a purification process which can purify waste water into portable water for use .
The product  is called New water .
New water is treated waste water that has undergone stringent purification processes using advanced dual membrane and ultraviolet technology .
The product can be bottled for consumption , or be mixed with reservoir water and will then go through the usual water treatment to produce drinkable water .
Currently , New water is supplying Singapore with 15% of its water demands .
There are plans to scale up the project to contribute 30% of the water supply by 2010 .
The quality of the product is even assured by many international experts .
This is indeed a product of a system which is engineered to meet the human need for natural resources .
The design process of the system has undergone 5 design process stages as illustrated by Khandani in his Engineering Design process paper .
Firstly , the team of engineers working on the New water project identified the problem which is the lack of water resources for Singapore .
Singapore has been buying water from Malaysia , its neighbouring country , in order to supplement its own water supply .
However , the water agreements with Malaysia are expiring soon in 2011 & 2061 .
The agreements have been providing for 40% of the country needs .
Therefore , the engineers identified the need for Singapore to shift towards self-sustainability in terms of water resources .
Secondly , they gathered pertinent information on the technologies and usage of water that is purified from waste water .
However , the first masterplan was shelved because of the great cost and unreliability of the process .
The cost incurred will offset the benefit that it may bring .
Hence , the team decided to wait for further technological advancement before building its first plant .
They eventually built its first plant after the technology of dual membrane purification  matured and the production cost came down .
Thirdly , prior to the implementation of the New Water technology , there were also multiple solutions to the problem of lack of water resources in Singapore .
Solutions included desalination of sea water and damping up more rivers to increase the water catchment area .
The desalination of seawater would require large amount of fossil fuel to run which is another natural resource that Singapore does not have .
Furthermore , the desalination plants would also leave a larger carbon footprint .
Despite these , a desalination plant was still built because of the growing demand .
The damping up of rivers to form water catchment areas was in fact being implemented .
Marina barrage , the newest kid on the block , was formed by damping the marina channel to form a large water catchment area capable of meeting 10% of Singapore's need .
However , as Singapore has limited land , we could not go on forever creating water catchment areas from our land .
Therefore , New Water was decided as a solution needed to meet the need for water of the nation .
Finally , in May 2000 , the first New Water plant was completed .
Currently there are 4 New Water plant in Singapore with a fifth on its way .
Together , they will be able to meet 30% of Singapore's need .
Bottled New Water was also given out during National events , promoting its use  in our daily life .
In conclusion , New Water has been an engineering design which was designed to meet the human need for water  particularly in Singapore .
Throughout  human history , there are a lot of successful products which have great effect on human life ,  like television , the cell and so on .
It is not only their high level technology that makes them so successful , but also the fact that they meet the needs of the people .
The electric car , which was first invented by General Motors Company (GM) , is such an interesting case .
The invention of electric cars is both a success and failure .
We can analyse it in both social and technological aspects .
The electric car is the product of social reasons .
As we know , an ordinary car's fuel is gas which has been used since the first car was been produced .
While there exists a problem that the burning of gas gives off poisonous gases and a large amount of carbon dioxide which causes serious air pollution .
Furthermore , as it is mineral resource , the supply of gas is becoming less and less which directly leads to the rise of the price .
Because of the reasons stated above , people want to invent a kind of vehicle which can use cleaner and cheaper energy instead of gas .
That is why the electric cars came into being .
Another direct  social reason is that in the early 1990s , the California and Arizona state governments had raised a policy which said at least 10 percent of the cars produced in the automobile companies should be environmental friendly , in other words , nonpolluting .
This promoted the research into electric cars .
In the mean time , GM also wanted to use this opportunity to restore their position in the automobile world .
These are the social reasons that did favor to electric car .
While , there are also some negative social sides .
Thanks to nearly a hundred years developing , the foundation of the gas industry was quite strong .
There were a lot of big gas companies tried a lot of methods to promote their products in order to push electric cars out of the market .
For example a gas company even asked for the President of America , Bush , to appear in their advertisement .
So you can imagine the difficult situation electric car's companies met at that time .
The technological aspect is also very important .
At that time , the electric car was mainly made of aluminum which gave the car lighter weight and the shape was aerodynamically styled which could reduce the air resistance .
Both of the two features provided the electric car faster speed .
As it was powered by electricity , there was less noise .
Driving such a car could be quite an enjoyable experience .
While , technology was not fully developed at that time and the battery could only support the electric car to run at most 100 miles .
Furthermore , most of the gas stations did not offer the service to charge the electric car , so it is very inconvenient for people to travel long distance .
So , the electric cars couldn't be widely used .
While recently the companies of electric cars have realized the importance of social and technological factors and they start to fight back .
In social aspect , the environment situation becomes more serious than twenty years ago .
The crude oil production rate reduces .
The price of gas goes higher and higher .
Again people become interested in electric cars and the companies also take these advantages to promote their products .
They also invited some superstars , like Tom Hanks , to help advertise the car .
In technological aspect , new kind of battery has be developed .
The travelling range has been expanded to 500 miles , nearly five times farther than before .
Many functions , like GPS and ABS , are also applied to the electric car .
The performance of electric car can be as better as normal car .
Through the case of electric cars , we can see that whether a product can be successful or not is decided by both the social and technological factors .
The change of these conditions directly influences the position of the product in the market .
So when engineer produce a new product , taking these two aspects of factors into consideration is important .
With the development of the technology , people have more comfortable and beautiful clothes to wear , more enjoyable entertainment to participate , more delicious food to eat and more convenient transportation tools to use .
However , one of the most important factors seems to be forgotten by human beings: the place we live - the earth .
Nowadays , as our Earth Mother becomes hotter , human beings' living condition is greatly threatened by the global warming , the issue which is discussed fiercely among scientists .
As an engineer , we must also take this responsibility to protect our Earth Mother .
It is commonly known thalobal warming is caused by frequently industrial activities these years; in detail , it is due to the emisparticipate inen house gas (GHG) .
However , this idea is not acceptable for somey consider the climate change as the natural phenomenon .
Actually , if we refer to the figure of "Temperature VS CO2 Emission" , we cMother Earthraway reach a conclusion .
We can surprisingly find that the two curves matcach other , in other words , it implies that the growth of temperature has somkengineersndency toward the growth of the emission of CO2 .
So , it is hard to say that there is no relationship between these two issues .
In recent years , due to much more frequent industrial activities , the curve of emission of CO2 consequently jumps to a very high point , so does the curve of temperature .
Nowadays , the rising temperature has been paid much more attention because of some sudden , striking surprise , for instance , the melting ice in Antarctica , the rising sea level .
areasincreasinga certainThe Kyotoin Chinaresourcesgasesfuel .AsIn conclusion , the threaten of global warming has comhigheriemissionsed to face it brgasesly and design products against the climate change .
We have only one Earth Mother , we will never lose her .
As our society progresses human beings get stuck in a dilemma of energy .
On one hand , the energy resources we use now , which are mainly fossil fuels , will be exhausted soon if we continue to consume at the current rate while the use of fossil fuels triggers  a series of environmental problems .
On the other hand , the development of society calls for larger and larger amounts of energy , which makes us in desperate need of energy .
In order to develop our society without exhausting all the fossil fuels or sacrificing our environment , we have to find new energy resources to take the place of traditional fossil fuels .
In this case , solar energy stands out as our first choice .
Engineering design plays a significant role in the use of solar energy , especially in  solar heating .
In the first stage , engineering design mainly contributes by clearly defining the problem and gathering pertinent information .
In fact , humans had begun to utilize solar energy to heat water as early as 3000 years ago .
However , the efficiency of solar energy was very slow .
The question of how to make an efficient and effective solar heating system is addressed by engineers .
In order to find the solution , engineers spend large amount of time to collect the relevant information , from which they can generate iinspiration , while drawing lessons from the previous work .
Though this preliminary stage appears simple , actually it not only takes a lot of time and calls for patience , but also is the crucial fundamental stage of  the solution .
That is not the end of engineering design .
What engineers will do next is  test the system and make possible improvements .
Although solar energy has certain advantages compared to other kinds of energy , it has an inevitable disadvantage .
The solar energy is limited by various natural conditions , such as day and night , seasons , and places .
It is not stable enough , so  people may not be able to use solar energy to heat water whenever they need .
To improve the solar heating system , engineers have added accessorial energy equipment to it such as an  heater .
This improvement makes it possible for people to get hot water fast and conveniently even when there is not enough sunlight .
In the current world people depend more and more on technology to improve their life , which stimulus the development of science and technology in reverse .
However , among so many kinds of human needs , some of them should be given priority because of their urgency .
In my opinion , we should pay most attention on the development of clean energy such as solar energy .
The reason why we should focus on the research of solar energy is that the atmospheric pollution caused by the consumption of fossil fuels is severe , there is enough amount of solar energy to be used on earth , and the diffusion and adoption of solar energy product is satisfying .
Earth ,and thereCurrently ,h of solar energy can be traced back to the year of 1900 .
Allivesgh at thstimulatesthey only focused on solar power plant .
Later , because of the decrease of petroleum and natural gas , the scientists paid attention to solar energy again .
Until today , the process of solar energy research is stoll quite difficult .
However , because of the severe pollution problem , we have tohe development of solar energy .
Nowadays , there are already vaplants kinds of solar energy product ininhe market .
For example , peopuse solar energy converter to heat up water , which save amazing amount of energy acquired from other ways .
Besides , the usage of solar panel should become more and more important in the future .
It is said that if we can cover a place of 40 ,000 square miles with solar panel , the demand for electricity of the whole world will be satisfied .
Also , solar energy is inexhaustible and we can use it without worrying about polluting the atmosphere , which really solved the problem brought by the consumption of fossil fuels .
Moreoverplacesce the price are solar energy panel is decreasing productsy , more and more consuconverters think about the usathey of solar energy panel .
In the 1980s and 1990s , the research of solar energy fell into the low tide because that the price of petroleum fell down and the solar energy product was too expensive and there was no important breakthrough about the development of solar eneconvertersct .
However , since the has forcednmental pollution has become one of the most important topics in the world nowadays , we also should pay more attention to clean energy such as solar energy .
The usage of solar energroofsoduct will not onlypanels largunt of energy and solve the prf energy crisis but also give us a clean worlhousesh little pollution .
With the development of the society , our demand for the various commodities keeps increasing .
We want to make our lives more comfortable and convenient .
However , without enough energy to manufacture the products , how can our desire be satisfied ?
Therefore , the current human need to find endless energy source is becoming more and more urgent , so  it should be given priority .
To satisfy the current human need , we should use Roger's Engineering design process to work out a  solution .
This process contains five steps: define the problem , gather pertinent information , generate multiple solutions , analyze and select a solution , test and implement the solution .
As we know , most of the energy we are consuming is fossil energy such as coal and oil , which is limited .
If we just depend  on fossil energy  , how can we live on after hundreds of yearsyears ?
Just a few years ago , America declared  war against Iraq with the justification that there were bio-chemical weapons in Iraq .
Obviously , it wanted the oil in Iraq .
This war warns us that if we do not solve the energy problems , more wars may be declared in the future .
That is really disastrous and horrible .
However , there are many other kinds of energy sources on the earth such as nuclear power , water power and solar power .
Now the problem is how to use these power sources assubstitutes for the fossil energy , which means how to convert these power into the energy that can be used by us such as electrical power .
To solve this problem , building electrical powerhouses may be the best choice .
The reason is that  electrical power is clean , easily transported and easily stored .
Therefore , different places can share the energy source .
The problems brought by the unbalanced energy source distribution are solved .
Although making use of nuclear power , water power and solar power seems feasible , there are some reasons that make solar power  the most appropriate .
Nuclear power can be very clean and can generate large quantities of electrical power .
Nevertheless , it can generate such huge power that it is very unsafe .
For instance , in 1986 , a nuclear powerhouse in Soviet Union exploded , which destroyed many buildings and claimed many people's lives .
The strong radiation of the explosion even influenced all of the North Hemisphere .
What a tragedy it was !
We cannot guarantee there will be no such kind of explosion any longer if we rely on nuclear power .
Using water power can just slightly reduce the pressure on the energy .
That is because the consuption of energy is so large nowadays that even though we make full use of water power , it is still far less than the consumption .
Undeniably , the technology of solar power conversion today is still not perfect .
Many improvements should be made to increase the conversion rate and lower the cost of the equipment so it can be utilised .
Nevertheless , this does not affect solar power to be the most ideal energy for the future .
Compared to other sources , solar power has three big advantages .
The first is that it is very clean .
Actually , the sunlight is electramagnetic waves .
During the convertion to electrical power , there is no emission of poisonous gas or water .
The second is that soalr power is very safe .
Unlike the nuclear power or water power , we never need to worry about the explosion of the powerhouse nor the collapse of dams caused by the strong water stream .
we already have built some solar powerhouses but we have never heard anything unfortunate happen .
Last but most importantly , solar power seems endless .
Only if the sun disappears will the soalr power be used up .
However , as we know , the life of the sun is more than billions of years .
Therefore , for the three advantages above , we can find it really meaningful to develop the solar power technology
Furthermore , during the development of solar power technology ,  .
This means that we will apply the technolgy to every household so that most solar power shining on the earth can be converted .
Lowering the cost of the application is also very important , otherwise nobody will be  willing to adopt this technology .
In conclusion , to maintain the sustainable development of our society , we should give priority to the current human need to develop more energy from various  of human society .
Among the diverse energy sources , solar power has the brightest prospect for its non-pollution , safety and infinitude .
Hence , it is really worthwhile to develop solar power to make our society development sustainable .
Moreover , during the development of solar power technology , we should try to increase the efficiency of the power convertion and lower the price of the products .
From a luxurious entertaining appliance in the early stage of development , television has become an indispensable and ubiquitous thing within every household nowadays .
With millions of viewers around the world , it is used for various purposes not only by broadcasters and institutions but also businesses .
Television had to go through a very long way of development with reciprocal influences on society .
Advertising has become the most effective way of promoting sales of products .
The use of them is the most influential factor contributing to the development of television .
The cost of a television commercial depends upon the popularity of the channel and the time when it is broadcast .
These costs are the financial backing of broadcasters' programming .
Another way is to weave advertisements into shows .
This practice has begun in film .
For instance , a character may be driving a particular type of automobile , wearing a certain kind of clothes , or eating at a particular restaurant chain .
A brand or trademark is sometimes used .
I strongly believe that the benefits television brings to our society are undeniable .
Meyrowitz , a professor of communications at the department of Communication at the University of New Hampshire in Durham , deduced that television is the "secret-exposing machine" , and it opens up the "biggest secret of all , 'the secret of secrecy'" to children .
It is even claimed that television has replaced printing to become the main way to access information .
Researchers suggest that children who were exposed to educational programs , positive models preferred reading books , were more artistic and got higher grades .
Nowadays virtually all the broadcasters have at least an educational program of  their own .
That's because of the high demand from parents , institutions and educationists .
However , television also has more negative influences on our society than  positive ones .
A lot of findings showed that people tend to imitate the language and behavior which are inappropriate in society .
Children addicted to television are associated with obesity , passiveness , health problems and sometimes bad grades .
Inappropriate contents are deemed as another type of danger to the youth .
Violence , sex , drugs abuse , nonsense comics , etc .
cause a lot of controversies over the right age of watching them; and the youth are subject to parental television control , especially when it influences their self-esteem and body image .
With concerned parents , a child can greatly benefit from television programsprograms , whereas the child may encounter inappropriate contents if the parents let him or her freely use television .
Adults who spend too much time on TV viewing seem to be  dissatisfied people because they try to look for happiness in those programs after a hard struggling day .
However it is usually short lived happiness .
In addition to this , broadcasters often have some shows and programs addressing women in the new century .
Television played a vital role in the feminist movement .
It is disputable whether television has been changing the norms of society .
In conclusion , television has obviously contributed a lot to determine and shape our society , owing to the strong links between its development history and the human's  .
That is the reason why we always have to improve it , to nurture it .
We have to balance the pros and cons as well as the relationship of television to our present and future generations .
In the 21st century when people around the world get more opportunities to interact with each other , the ability to speak and understand other languages has become more and more important .
Most people choose to hire a translator .
However ,  well-trained ones are hard to find and they are not always available at times when you need them immediately .
Moreover , some people feel that their privacy is not safeguarded with a translator involved .
Thus , we have initiated this product called "N-in-1 Auto- translator" which can help solve all those problems mentioned above .
In the following paragraphs , the design process of our product will be illustrated to show how we fulfill people's need to communicate with others speaking different languages .
Having talked about the modifications , we have made efforts to minimize the cost , change the charging method and improve the portability .
As a brand new product which people do not have much faith in , it has been made reasonably affordable .
As batteries are not environmental friendly , we have made use of the DC chargers instead .
This is very convenient for the customers and they do not have to change batteries all the time as the lifetime of the chargeable battery is purposely made longer .
In addition , we have made the device more portable by minimizing the size and weight .
For example , our device has many components consisting of a scanner ,  speaker ,  printer and  recorder .
This allows our product to be multi-functional in contrast with an electronic dictionary which has many limitations .
Customers do not have to bring them all .
Instead , they can just selectively plug-in any component they need in order to make it much more portable .
From this example , we can see that we engineers always think from the customer's  point of view and try our best to fulfill their needs .
Moreover , we should also take care of the interests of small groups of people .
Our target customers are businessman , travelers , international school teachers and students and other people who have needs to understand other languages .
However , after reviewing all the feedback feedback on our official website , we found that the blind also need it .
After numerous research , we found that they recognize things by touching , smelling and hearing .
Thus we made modifications on our device such as the Braille-mini- printer .
This mini-printer can print in Braille so that they can understand by touching the paper after they scan the documents in other languages .
We can see that just a little change can benefit a large number of people .
To sum-up all the points mentioned above , we would conclude that engineering design processes can meet people's needs by qualified products and services , continuous modifications and the attitude to think for customers .
There is an old saying which goes "The customerr is  god ."
We totally agree with it .
We engineers must always keep ourselves upgraded and think for the customers all the time so that we can make upgrades and modifications to meet their needs .
While one is looking for A , he may discover B accidentally along the way , and this process is called the serendipitous discovery .
It is very different from the normal technologies we have , which  resulted from developments aiming to solve specific questions .
They are also different from each other in terms of level of success and how well they  solve a problem .
Nonetheless , despite so many differences , they are also similar in  that they are both important and can only be discovered by prepared minds .
One obvious difference is how each technology is discovered .
normal technology is found and developed by following certain procedures .
For example , a problem or need is always first identified , and then people start to brainstorm and think of solutions to the problem .
They always have a clear purpose or goal in mind which leads them in a certain direction to resolve the puzzle .
However , for technologies found through serendipitous discovery , they show complete randomness .
They are absolutely unexpected .
While one is solving some physics question , he may derive a solution for a biological problem in an approach which no one has thought of before .
There is nothing like a plan or preparation for this .
Hence , the two technologies differ from each other greatly in the ways  they are discovered .
Another difference between them may be the desirability .
Most of the time , serendipitously discovered technologies gain more recognition and greater success in terms of economic or scientific aspects , compared to the average normally developed technologies .
This is just like what Lawren Block said , the thing one found while looking for something else , usually suited his needs more .
The reason behind this is that serendipitous discoveries cater to solve the problems in more ingenious ways , as they may be the result of some unknown happenings , and they are produced by following some rules of  nature we have yet to gain an understanding of  , which are mysterious but also powerful .
A simple example would be the success of Dichloro- diphenyl-trichloroethane(DDT) , compared to other insecticides .
Nonetheless , apart from the differences , there are also similarities between these two kinds of technologies .
One major similarity they share is that both can only be discovered by prepared personnel .
As  Louis Pasteur  said , in the arena of observation , opportunities favor only the prepared minds .
This is indeed very true .
When people see some new products or discoveries , especially those close to our daily lives , sometimes they cannot help but ask themselves why , when they  experienced some similar things , they failed to turn them into innovations or products .
In our daily lives , it is true that we may experience this or that kind of things , but it is only those careful ones , prepared ones , those who always pay more attention to tiny things happening around them and treat these things seriously , come up with ingenious discoveries .
One needs to be prepared to identify a potential serendipitous discovery , as well as to develop a normal technology , so that one does not miss out any important details and gains success in the end .
In conclusion , these two main problems basically hamper the research and development areas of engineering design process , Singapore engineers can only at the moment upgrade or modifies existing innovations .
Thus they are the reasons why local Singaporean engineers have failed to come out with a stunning innovation yet .
A serendipity find is defined as accidently and unexpectedly discovering something fortunate .
One technology that was discovered by serendipity is the sound-powered telephone .
Unlike  a serendipity invention , a product or system that is created or developed , not coming from accidents , but through a series of engineering design processes is a research invention , and a technology developed via research is the mobile phone .
For these two technologies , there are several similarities and differences in the aspects of their usages , the power supplies they need , the communication efficiencies and health concerns .
Firstly , compare the usages for both the sound-powered telephone and the mobile phone .They are similar in  that both are used for communication .
However , the ways they are  used are different .
The sound-powered telephone is now widely used in naval vessels , and also in emergency communication systems for high-rise buildings , airports and ski lifts etc , whereas a mobile phone is designed for calling contacts .
Unlike  a sound-powered telephone , extra functions are included in a mobile phone , such as games , music and a camera for use .
Secondly , the sound-powered telephone differs from the mobile phone in power supplies  needed The speaker's voice , through its microphone unit , supplies necessary power for operating the sound-powered telephone .
Batteries or power connections are not required .The circuit is always live , thus a user simply begins speaking rather than dialing another station .
On the contrary , the mobile phone cannot operate without the use of an external power .
Normally a battery must be included and charged , so that the mobile phone can be switched on .
Lastly , for engineers , designing a safe product is a big concern .
The mobile phone emits electromagnetic radiation , which may harm one's health if used  for long period of time .
However , the sound-powered telephone does not pose any health risks to human beings due to its relatively simpler circuits compared to the mobile phone .
For the past few centuries , engineers and scientists have been working together , resulting in numerous great discoveries and inventions benefiting mankind in various aspects .
However , as science and technology evolved , they  also brought  numerous problems .
In this essay , I will be focusing on the environmental issues that were brought about by the improvement of science and technology and how engineering design processes can meet the need
From the late 19th to early 20th century , there was an outburst of great discoveries and inventions , coupled with worldwide expansion of industrialisation , creating many machines to aid human needs , and wants .
The sudden out-break of these events  caused several negative impacts on Earth .
One of the most prominent examples is global warming , a result of the existence of greenhouse gases .
Global warming causes an increase in the average temperature of Earth , which results in major problems such as melting ice caps at both poles , rising sea levels , heat waves and depleting ozone layer .
During the golden period of invention of machinery and industrialisation , machines running primarily on fossil fuels emitted large quantity of greenhouse gases during incomplete combustion of fuels .
These harmful gases have resulted in the vast pollution of the globe .
And , the situation continues to worsen .
It was not until the late 20th century that the environmentalists discovered that the greenhouse gases were harmful and had resulted in adverse conditions on Earth and started countering the pollution .
The Kyoto Protocol , a treaty signed among the countries to lower the emission of greenhouse gases to the environment which started in the 1990's , was quite a success .
However , even though there was a decrease in the percentage of the greenhouse gases emitted worldwide , the greenhouse gases still exist in our atmosphere , depleting our ozone layer .
Engineers , on the other hand , invented a product called the catalytic converter that helps to convert the harmful gases to gases that are less harmful to our environment before releasing them out to the environment .
This was a better solution to the problem .
Currently , as engineers , we should work on an advanced model of the catalytic converter , with a higher efficiency and better compatibility with different models of engines which may emit harmful gases .
Even though the process might be time-consuming and expensive , the improved version of the converter will be very useful to us .
Alternatively , we can look into the possible problems that might arise before the release of the product .
During the brainstorming stage , engineers should look at the product from various angles; the possibilities of doing harm to the environment while creating and testing the productproduct; the ways to dispose of any toxic or radioactive wastes , and the possibility of exploitation 
In conclusion , engineering design processes can meet the need of solving global warming by the improvement of catalytic converters and execution of cautious planning before any other procedures .
Prevention is always better than cure .
Safety is a primary need for all inventions even to this date .
However , safety has been overlooked or neglected on many occasions and this has  harm to its users .
One example would be the injuries caused by can openers .
In order to overcome such injuries and keep users out of harm's way , we need a logical design process to design a can opener of high safety standards .
According to Khandani (2005) 'Engineering design process' is a sequence of steps to design a product in a systematic order .
The five main steps are to define the problem , gather information , generate multiple solutions and analyze and select a solution and finally it .
To help achieve the objective of designing a safe can opener , engineering design process can be used to analyse the problems of existing can openers , and discover areas of improvement .
Existing can openers include lever type can opener , rotating wheel can opener and butterfly opener .
After analysing alternative solutions , the most suitable product has to be chosen .
Design process uses the decision process to select the best solution .
Firstly , the desirable attributes such as safety , function ability , marketability and ergonomics are ranked in order of importance .
Followed by this , a value factor is assigned to each attribute .
For instance , in this case , the success of safety is twice as important as the success of market analysis , a value factor of 20 will be given to safety and 10 to market analysis .
Value factors are assigned on a of 0 to 100 relative to the importance of other criteria for success .
Next , a rating factor is assigned to each new solution .
This will indicate how well the proposed product satisfies the particular criteria .
For example , if a product satisfies the criteria of safety to the maximum it will be given a rating factor of ten and if it satisfies the criteria of marketing by only half , it is given a rating of 5 .
Substantial knowledge of the product and its users will allow engineers to make an accurate evaluation which involves rating safety factors and value factors .
The value factors are multiplied to the rating factors and summed up for each product .
The proposed solution with the highest score will be chosen as the best design .
The final stage in design process is to implement the solution .
This would include prototyping , concurrent engineering , documenting and applying for patents .
These procedures would have already been done by existing products .
The new product for opening cans will have these four processes before it is introduced to the market .
One such product currently in the market which is safe for opening cans , handy , environmentally friendly and ergonomically stable is the one touch can opener .
It leaves the lid of opened cans without any sharp edges .
It is battery operated and uses a magnet to attach on to the lid  while cutting the edges away using an ultra fine blade .
Unfortunately , it is not very affordable and hence not marketable enough .
Future inventions would have to give more importance to the marketing aspect of it .
It can be seen that the design process is tedious , time consuming and sometimes even never ending .
No effort will be futile if executed in the right direction .
Design process suggests a safe path for engineers to take to achieve success .
The never ending need for safety to humans is an obligation for engineers of tomorrow to fulfill .
Increased confidence in consumers is seen whenever safety is enhanced for products .
In the case of can openers , making opening of cans hazard free will be able to draw a large consumer audience .
Constantly placing an emphasis on safety will serve as a reminder for all other manufacturers to meet and will in turn benefit mankind as whole .
The first stage of designing a product would be to define the problem using three key points .
They are to identify and establish a need , develop a problem statement and establish criteria for success .
The first two points have already been looked into by previous manufacturers .
However , the criteria of success has to be relooked at for a safer product .
A new can opener has to be safe , light , environmentally friendly and cheap .
After defining the problem , the data relevant to the need , safety in this case , has to be gathered .
statistical research to find out how many are affected , on which part of the user the injuries occur , when do injuries normally occur and who are the affected has to be done to get a better idea of the situation .
Besides that , material research has to be done to understand to what extent can the material harm the user and what alternative materials are .
For example ,  the lever type can opener is made of cast iron , which makes it bulky for users who end up injuring themselves in an effort to use it .
In addition , interviews on affected users can be done to understand how the injuries occur .
Manufacturers should also be interviewed to explain their reasons for overlooking the safety aspect if they had done it knowingly .
Once all the information has been collated , the third stage of design process would be to generate multiple solutions .
Multiple solutions can be from the users as well as manufacturers .
In design process , existing ideas are torn apart to find the fault in them .
For instance , in the lever type , its unprotected knife-like sickle is too dangerous for domestic use .
As for the rotating wheel , the necessity to pierce the can first is a nuisance for users and the butterfly opener produces sharp edges on the lid .
Thereafter , new ideas , tools and methods are combined to propose a new solution .
Such synthesis will seek to improve the weakness of previous solutions .
After  brainstorming and gathering ideas , the fourth and most crucial step of design process would be to analyse and select a solution .
The evaluation of proposed designs would be an overlap of the suggestion given by users and manufacturers and the information gathered .
Four main analyses are used for  designing  a safer product .
They are functional analysis , ergonomics , safety analysis and market analysis .
Being safe is the primary need of the product .
However , the functionality will determine the ultimate success of the product .
The three existing products have satisfactory function ability .
The first electric can opener was able to remove lids from more than twenty cans per minute without any risk of injury but was not put into practice because it was not handy .
Klassen Enterprises of Centreville introduced a wall-mounted electric model which was safe .
Unfortunately , this complex design was unpopular among users .
In functional analysis , the practicality of the product is put to test .
Next would be the ergonomic analysis of the product .
A safety device has to be able to fit the hands of the people utilising it to provide comfort and confidence in handling it .
Design process looks at the geometric properties of the human body to determine the dimensions of the safety product .
A good design will be able to fit ninety percent of its users .
Currently the lever type is mainly suitable for adults due to its large handle and considerably high mass .
As for the wheel type , the pliers-type handle allows a firm grip of the can edge and suits most users .
The butterfly opener is easy to grip but its metal frame makes it uncomfortable for the user .
The third analysis , safety analysis , would determine which product has a leading edge over the other products .
The human need of safety is still not addressed in many can openers .
The lever type opener has a sharp edge which exposes the user to potential hazard and the other two openers leave sharp edges on the lids of cans which are threat to safety .
The new product has be devoid of sharp parts as well as be able to not leave any sharp edges on the lid .
In design process , engineers have to keep records of calculations and methods used and foresee other ways people could use the product .
As a result , safety considerations must be included in the manual of the new product .
Description of inherent dangers should also be displayed on warning labels .
To make profits , market analysis has to be done .
Just like the existing openers , future products have to be evaluated against criteria such as sales features , cost of manufacturing and advertising .
Failure to do this will results in unpopular products like the wall-mounted electric model mentioned earlier .
When you go shopping , do you usually see the same kind of products which almost have the same functions or even same appearances ?
According to the research done by U .S . Customs and Border Protection , in 2004 the total amount of illegally copied products is 1 .39 million and 63% of products come from China .
In China now , a huge amount of products do not contain any innovative elements and the manufacturing companies just copy the existing patterns .
As these companies manufacture products which  copy the basic design from others , the product design process is no longer present for innovations .
There must be some reason .
Obviously , copying ideas and reducing manufacturing cost should hamper the innovative design process .
Secondly , reducing manufacturing cost hampers the innovative design process as well .
In order to reduce input and gain more benefits , some companies pay very little attention to design process because that design process always costs lots of money .
Therefore , they have to simplify their products or just copy them from others .
Even though there is an innovation idea , designers will not consider it .
As a result , design process just follows the previous pattern and no innovation is created during the design process stage .
In today's global competitive market , a product's functionality is not the only thing customers are looking out for .
Products must not only serve their functions but must look good on the surface .
No doubt there are products with solely excellent functions out on the market .
These products are appreciated by few .
It does not take long for one to realize that products must have their own unique design in order to be relevant in the market .
Engineering Design Process , written by Professor Seyyed Khandani from Diablo Valley College in Pleasant Hill , California , aims to guide engineers and aspiring designers to design their product through a sequential thinking process .
Engineering Process Design brings the reader across different aspects of engineering design , such as the marketability of the product and the testing of products .
Designing itself is a creative process and in some cases , readers may find certain aspects of Engineering Design Process are not applicable at all .
In Singapore , the small elastic market and the lack of facilities and flexibility for product testing may hamper the design process .
According to Khandani (2005) , the purpose of designing is to generate profits .
Afterall , who will want to waste their efforts on something that does not reap benefits ?
This is one of the reasons why engineering design process is not all that easy in Singapore .
With only a population of 4 million , Singapore has a relatively small market .
The remuneration is simply not enough to lure players into the market to produce and design their products .
Engineers will often find themselves limited by the consumers' needs .
In addition , engineering design process in Singapore is often faced with Singaporeans' preferences for foreign goods .
Firstly , foreign goods are often established brands which appeal to the local market .
Secondly , certain goods , especially technological products , are much cheaper when imported from overseas .
In recent years , with the explosive number of online shops emerging and the increasing popularity of B2C (business-to-consumer) websites such as Amazon .com , it is not difficult to purchase foreign goods .
This has resulted in the low demand for locally designed products and often discourages engineers to continue in their innovations .
Before the product is implemented , it is important that the product is  tested first .
Singapore , a small country has only 650 square kilometers of land area .
Much of the landscape is covered by skyscrapers and public housings .
The lacks of land area to build suitable facilities to test products is an obstruction to engineers .
Since 2004 , the National University of Singapore's (NUS) , School of Engineering's Formula Society of Automotive Engineers (FSAE) has been building racing cars and representing Singapore in competitions against other universities from other countries .
Associate Professor Seah Kar Heng commented that one of the difficulties faced by the team is the lack of a suitable venue to test drive the cars .
Beside the lack of facilities , engineers are constrained by the strict regulations imposed by the Governement .
The team from FSAE could only test- drive their cars within NUS' compounds and in the United States where competitions were held .
Currently , there are only laws governing the use of conventional cars on public roads .
The team from FASE will have to seek approval from different agencies which is often very time-consuming .
In conclusion , Engineering Process Design is a comprehensive guide for engineers who have no idea about how to go about designing a new product .
However , in Singapore , engineers will find that they will meet  some problems that may hamper the design process .
Due to the small market in Singapore and Singaporeans' preference for foreign goods , many may give up their innovations eventually .
For those who successfully designed their products , they are met with another problem-- the lack of facilities to test their products and the inflexibility of the Government's regulations .
Engineering design process is a tedious one and by analysing the problems that hamper it , one may be able to make the process a smoother one .
Our world is experiencing amazing changes every day .
It cannot be denied that some people in certain areas are still struggling around the poverty line , however , most of the citizens of the world believe that our living conditions are becoming better and better .
But behind the prosperity , we are facing some great challenges , or , in another way , some urgent problems which may affect the rise and fall of mankind .
Among those problems , the limitation of resources has raised a lot of concern from our society .
Engineers are playing an important role in finding and using renewable resources such as wind power and solar power to satisfy the increasing demand of resources .
Firstly , scientists and engineers have been focusing using wind and solar power for decades of years .
Many solutions have been tested and implementline .
However ,well known examples may be the solar water heater and wind power electrical generator .
These two inventions can not only meet our daily needs , but also protect the environput anotherave the existing resources like coal and petroleum .
To put it more specifically , solar water heater can take place of other is a sourceeaters basedfor coal gas .
So besides the reasons above , it is also very cheap to use these renewable resources so users can get a lot of economical benefits from that .
Secondly , some of the technologies are stillfocusing on using .
Engineers are trying to generatee solutions to some problems .
And these problems are mainly caused by restriction and immature technology of wind and spoweredpower .
For example , scientists and engineers have found that the wind speed and hours of sunshine are not steady so that the generating energy is also not very steady .
These two resources are restrithe solarby the geographical posthe place and climate .
Besides , the efficirun ononverting wSo ,d power is very low .
So the focus of engineers is to design and test new technology .
For instance , car is one of the most important transportations in the world; however , new research has proved that the existing extra petroleum can only be used for another eighty to ninety years .
Engineers are trying to solve the problem that what we shall use after the petroleum run out .
Thus a new kind of solar-powered car has been invented .
But even engineers have reached certain success; the solar-powered car they can produce is still far from the standard of civil transports .
So engineers still have a long way to go to test and find solutions to make better use of wind and solar energy .
totallyefforts ,more efficientlyintoitLast but not least , bright future for renewable rmakeurces and proaof limited resourcesplansrry people no more .
"The world is coming to an end in the 2100s (22th century) !"
Is this statement a false prophesy or a reality that has yet to come true ?
Natural resources around the world are being depleted at an alarming rate which has led to numerous debates and interventions by environmentalists , in a bid to reduce the amount of resources extracted and employed by mankind .
However , not all readily available natural resources can be used directly from their raw form .
One such example is the purification of water to make it potable .
Water is an essential part of human life .
Everyone needs it for survival and also for many other applications such as industrial usage .
Even though water is readily available , however , the process of purification to make it portable is tedious , technologically intensive and most importantly , expensive .
According to statistical figures from a United Nations Organisation (UNO) publication , the global population consumes approximately 3000 cubic metres of water daily .
As a result , there is an increasing need for newer , greener and more cost-effective purification methods so as to provide massive amounts of clean and affordable drinking water for all parts of the world , especially in less-developed countries .
Hence , the ever-increasing need for cheap portable water should be given high priority in global research and development initiatives .
The following case study illustrates the importance of modern technology and engineering design in water purification process , especially in countries that do not have self-sustainable water supplies .
Engineering design and modern technology assists these countries by first identifying the specific problem and in the process of doing so , possible solutions will be generated .
The final stage of the design process involves the testing and implementation of a particular chosen solution .
For example in Singapore , the government recognised that she has to be more self-reliant and self-dependent on her water supplies so as to mitigate any difficulties faced in times of contingency and emergency .
In addition , being a small 'island' country surrounded by close neighbours , the idea of desalination of sea-water to meet her water demands is not a viable long-term option .
As a result , NEWater , a sewage treatment plant , was set up a few years back to look into the possibility of converting 'used' or sewage water into clean drinking water via reverse osmosis technology .
As such , large emphasis and investments have been invested into this initiative since then .
Through the application of the engineering design framework and modern technology , purifying sewage water seems to be highly viable and successful .
According to statistics from the Public Utilities Board (PUB) , NEWater will meet 30% of Singapore's current water needs by 2010 .
This example shows that through the proper implementation of engineering design framework and application of modern technology , the current human need for securing clean and cheap drinking water can be achieved with a high degree of success .
In conclusion , engineering design process and modern technology will no doubt aid in solving and realising various human needs such as that of water purification .
However , prudent and appropriate usage of the world's natural resources still has to be practised religiously and conscientiously as engineering solutions do not guarantee complete success in any application .
As a result , both human and technology have an important role to play in the quest of satisfying human needs .
According to E .M . Rogers , writer of "Diffusion of innovations" , in general , there are six stages of innovation-development process .
They are awareness of the needs or problems , basic and applied research , development , commercialization , diffusion and adoption and finally consequences (Rogers 2003) .
During the process , there are many factors that would affect the outcome of the development project .
Some of them are determined by the technology perspective or social factors , whereas some include government involvement .
One important technology that Rogers mentioned is the innovation of the refrigerator in 1930 for electric and gas refrigerators .
When people did a comparison on both types , the latter has a better advantage over the first .and they were expecting  the gas refrigerator .
But it did not capture  the consumer market .
The main reason for this was because of the investment , consideration and decision made by the corporations involved in this project .
They believed that they would make more profits from electric refrigerators and thus marketed it to the public .
As a result , it turned out that technology in electric refrigerator was available to the consumer instead of the consumer's choice .
Another example of a social problem leading to government and scientist involvement is the safety issue with automobiles in the United States .
In 1960 , the annual fatality due to vehicles reached 50 ,000 and drew the government's attention to the safety ie on the transport system .
A survey was conducted between the specialized researchers' and public's view of the traffic safety problem .
It was found  that the research team didn't agree with the public view and claimed that it was an individual-blame perspective .
As a conclusion from conducting researchers , professors , government officials and insurance company executives , the research on safety measure became due to system-blame perspective and thus engineers redesigned auto vehicles and restructured highways .
As a consequence ofboth the above cases , , the technology did not become the way the consumers expected and the solution for solving social problems was redirected .
It did not follow the stages mentioned above for the successful completion of the process .
Most of them  varied along the process due to several factors and thus led to a different type of innovation .
From my point of view , no matter what the sequence of innovation-development process , as long as there is a new invention , it was invented to benefit all  mankind .
If the world is not growing enough food to support its population , the process can be speeded up through the development of Food Science and Bio- Engineering .
Certain types of food such as rice and fruits can be genetically modified to grow faster and increase food yield .
Animals such as cows and chickens can also be genetically altered to grow faster and produce more milk or eggs respectively .
By designing and engineering certain genes of these plants and animals , food production can be increased to meet the increasing needs of poor countries .
There are strict regulations and quality control for genetically modified food before it can be used for human consumption .
Engineering design processes are tedious , complex and require much creativity for the generation of new ideas .
Therefore , genetically modified food created from such processes would be able to pass the strict requirements and thus able to meet the needs of reducing food shortage in Third World countries .
In spite of the increase of research and development in recent years ,  a significant amount of discoveries and innovation are still being made by people outside of laboratories .
These kind of unconventional environments are commonly referred to as skunkworks environment .
However , we would define it more broadly to include all research done without  external aid .
Though the environments are very different , there are also many similarities between them .
In contrast , conventionally generated technology such as NEWATER progressed much slowly .
The research on NEWATER started in 1998 as a joint initiative between the Public Utilities Board (PUB) and the Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources (MEWR) .
(http://www .pub .gov .sg/NEWater) Its aim was to find a way to provide a sustainable means of providing water for industrial use and consumption for places where water is scarce .
This research took very long to carry out and commercialise as it has to go through a long corporate structure for approval .
Also , care was taken to ensure all the  water treatment procedures were widely acceptable .
Although it has resulted in a resounding success , the technology has not been widely implemented due to patents of the technology being filed by the parent companies .
On the other hand , neither conventionally generated technologies nor discoveries made in skunkworks have an absolute success rate .
For example , the engineers of General Motor's (GM) R&D unit in Detroit were able to create aesthetically pleasing and highly efficient automobiles that ran entirely on battery power (Rogers 2003) .
However , limitations of the technology and failures of publicity resulted in a weak adoption of the new technology .
Similarly , bio fuel studies made  independently by many researchers found that it could be used to replace fossil fuels .
One of the techniques involved in developing fast-growing trees that can grow to full size in just 10 years to generate the bio fuel .
({http://biofuelguide .net/}[HYPERLINK: http://biofuelguide .net/]) Similarly , lack of publicity and technological constrains prevented it from becoming a popular technology .
In conclusion , in spite of the various inherent differences of conventionally generated technologies and innovations from skunkworks ,  revolutionary or conservative , both share various similarities such as providing possible but not definite solutions to our problems .
It is by complementing each research's advantages that we may be able to discover ways to solve future problems .
AT&T picture phone in the late 1960s was invented and marketed as an additional function on top of voice call capabilities of a telephone .
It allowed user to 'see' each other as they talked .
This innovation was not one that had been thoroughly surveyed before the Research began , and users' feedback was that it was bulky , controls too unfriendly and picture too small ({http://www .corp .att .com/attlabs/reputation/timeline/70picture .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .corp .att .com/attlabs/reputation/timeline/70picture .html]) .
The society could not accept the new product of the market due to several socio-economical and governmental factors .
Firstly , the picture phone aimed to allow both users on the phone to feel closer to one another , as they could now see each other over the phone .
However , it was this very concept which backfired , as users of the phone felt privacy intrusion to their way of life .
The concept was not easily accepted by the more conservative society back in 1960s and hence it failed its primary purpose .
Secondly , it was not economical to own such a phone , as data transmission was not as developed as it is today .
It was far more expensive to own and upkeep such a phone , and even with the monetary ability to own such a machine , technology at that time did not allow for a smooth transmission of data to the phone , as pictures were transmitted once every 2 seconds .
This generally played a part in the decline in product demand in the market and hence less consumers were willing to fork out the money for the phone .
In conclusion , the world today is better equipped with the relevant infrastructure and network to facilitate the use of such a device , a 'picture phone' .
This spin off effect from such development has proved to us that social determinants have definitely been playing a huge role in moulding the development of our technology .
In modern society , what we can see and hear surrounding us is always about technology and science .
Humankind has been inventing more effective and useful equipment by applying advanced techniques .
For example , since the first airplane successfully flew in the sky , people have been master of the theory of flight which makes the dream that people can fly come true .
Then , in the following years , many better planes were produced to satisfy peoples' requirements .
According to Rogers(2003) , technology is defined as a design for an instrumental action that reduces uncertainty in the cause-effect relationships with achieving an advantage or useful result .
In fact , the majority of these technological innovations cannot be reliable without human creativity and research .
However , some technologies were invented serendipitously .
Generally speaking , intended research to pursue development is similar to serendipitous discovery in terms of the aim and contribution to  human society .
The main difference between the two kinds of invention is the process and the effort .
First of all , the aim  technology which was developed with research is to explore some useful things and attempt to reach the unknown scientific area in order to solve the problems in the real world .
For example , people have spent a great amount of money to reach Mars to explore the mysterious outer space even though the probability of  helping make improvements for the Earth is low .
However , this is doing research for improving human's standard of living and making life more convenient and comfortable .
Similarly ,  serendipity is the effect by which one accidentally discovers something fortunate , especially while looking for something entirely different .
Hence , the result of serendipitous discovery also helps explore  unknown things and places .
In addition , both of technology that was discovered by research and serendipitous discovery contribute to the human society .
However , in terms of process and effort , the research to develop new technology is different from the serendipitous discovery .
Specifically , the majority of technological innovations are developed by scientific research  based on knowledge , research and application in practice .
Achievement requires a lot of work and thus  would take a long time .
Even so the result is still unpredictable .
In contrast , serendipitous discovery seems very fortunate because people receive unexpected things which are always beneficial for human society .
For example , Sir Alexander Fleming discovered the first antibiotic penicillin when he was doing research on  biological materials  .
Similarly , DDT was  discovered by accident in the 1930s , when a Swiss chemist , Paul Muller , was trying to find a way to protect woollen clothes against moths .
Hence , serendipitous discovery is more convenient and fortunate but it is much more difficult than doing research to develop innovations .
In conclusion , people always try their best to make inventions to solve problems encountered in real world .
Continually doing research on different scientific areas is one main aspect to discover what humankind desires .
However , it is true that people sometimes find new things or make inventions unexpectedly , which is considered as serendipitous discovery .
Both fulfill useful functions in human society .
For instance , DDT was widely used as a mosquito killer during World War II .
Truly speaking , people may prefer  serendipitous discovery for its convenience  , though it is more difficult to achieve .
Innovations are made every single day and we keep progressing .
But the most interesting part of innovation of technologies often turns out to be the set of events/situations which leads to the innovation .
Innovations may be planned to meet a purpose or to complete an objective .
These are the conventionally planned research based innovations .
Few technologies get innovated serendipitously .
They happen through work of wisdom combined with blind luck .
Comparison and contrast of two technologies innovated in these two different ways gives us many interesting features of innovations to ponder over .
When we look at these two technologies which were innovated differently we find that research based innovations are according to the famous proverb "Necessity is the mother of invention" .
The driving force becomes the desperate need for solving a problem .
However in the case of the serendipitous innovations , there is no exact driving force .
Sets of experiments accidentally yield results which prove to be significant .
Who would have thought that an apple would be enough for a man to develop the concept of mechanics and gravitation ?
The technologies innovated in this fashion were never meant to be innovated .
But today , without them , our survival seems questionable .
It is hard to conclude which type of innovation outshines the other .Infact it makes no sense as both are special in their own ways .
But it is important for us to acknowledge these innovations , respect them and strive to do many more things to make life better ! .
Engineers have been designing products or systems to improve our daily lives life .
The process that they used is called the engineering design process .
The process has constantly  developed new technology that helped to solve problems of human like making travel to countries faster and comfortable by planes .
Engineers have been trying to solve a human problem for many years .
That problem is to make drinkable fresh water available to everyone in the third world countries .
The engineering process involves defining the problem , gathering pertinent information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting solutions and testing and implementing the solution , as quoted from Kandani (2005) .
First , we will look at how the problem should be defined in the engineering process .
Water covers 71% of the earth's surface and water from the oceans take up 97% of  the total percentage of surface water ( Wikipedia) .
Even though water seems to be everywhere , only a very small percentage of water is drinkable  .
There are also many places in the third world countries where drinkable water is not available due to lack of rainfall and pollution in the water sources .
These places which face water shortage for a long time will face dehydration , diseases due to lack of fresh water and infertile soil for plantation .
Second , in the design process is to gather pertinent information on why the problem still exists as stated by Khandani .
Third world countries' governments know that there is a need to solve the water shortage problem .
However , developing new and clean water technology needs large amounts of money .
This money can be put to better use like getting medication for their people .
Another possible reason for the problem  could be pollution from industries .
Inland water sources are being polluted by factories which dump chemical waste products into the water sources , which make the water source unfit for drinking .
Third , is to generate and select possible solutions in the engineering design process .
Since inland water sources are being polluted and not fit for drinking , oceans , which cover a large area on earth are another possible option .
However , seawater is not drinkable as it contains a very high level of sea salt and impurities .
Therefore , to make seawater into drinkable water , engineers decided to use desalination .
Desalination is a process that collects extracted water from sea salt and impurities through boiling .
The extracted will be furthered purified for usage .
In order to make the extracted water  fit for drinking water standards set by World Health organization (WHO) , engineers will include a process that add nutrients into it .
Another possible solution can be creating more water catchment areas by planting more trees and building reservoirs .
However , this solution can only help to solve the problem in the long run if only the water catchment areas are free from pollution .
The result might not be an immediate effect , as it takes time for natural rainfall to fill up the reservoirs .
As a result , building desalination plants near the sea can help to solve the shortage of water immediately .
Lastly , Engineers can do some testing on desalinating seawater into drinkable water after they have drafted  a cheap and affordable desalination process for the third world countries to purchase .
The results from the testing will be sent to WHO for approval for desalination plant to be built for producing drinkable water in the area .
If the technology is newer than the previous old desalination process , the engineers might be able to get it patented so the price for this new technology will be affordable to everyone .
In conclusion , the engineering design process aids engineers in developing newer technology to help meet the needs or solve the problem of the global population .
This process is applicable to  producing clean water from seawater , which helps solve water shortage problems in certain countries .
The process is able to identify the problem , understand why it is still not solved , produce solutions to it and get it work in an engineering way .
In the context of the innovation development process , the development of technologies may be viewed from either a technologically determinist perspective or a socially determinist view , also referred to as the social construction of technology (Rogers , 2003) .
The construction of technology believes that the innovation of technologies is limited and controlled by social factors .
One technology that was socially shaped was the invention of automobile cars .
Automobile vehicles played an important role in this modern world as humans rely heavily on them as a main type of transport for travelling .
This technology is shaped by various groups of engineers according to social constraints .
Firstly , the rise of the automobile industry started as early as the nineteenth century and the First World War acted as a catalyst to speed up the research and development processes of automobile vehicles .
This was so as during the war , there was a rise in demand for automobile vehicles to transport soldiers and supplies to the front line .
It was also used for combat purposes .
Funding and incentives were given to companies to improve automobile technology as whichever countries with the more advanced technologies had a higher chance of winning the war .
As a result , faster , more durable and improved energy efficient vehicles were developed during the war period due to the demands from the military .
Finally , all the research and developments of technology depend on economic factors .
This is so that no investor would be willing to fund a project that does not make money .
Hence , when engineers make improvements to enhance the technological aspect of automobile vehicles , they have to consider the interests of the company .
The technical aspects of cars depend heavily on production costs .
If the production cost increases , carmakers would either see a reduction in profit or potential buyers of the product would see an increase in the price .
These two scenarios are not desired and this is the reason that cars are still running on petrol rather than powered by electricity or natural gases despite the fact that they are cleaner energies .
In conclusion , the research and developments of technology depends on social constraints such as economic factors , military demands or government policies .
Hence , technology is actually a product of society and is influenced by the norms and values of the social system .
The greatest priority of companies is to ensure that projects that they are involved in have great profit potential .
Toshiba is the first brand to have laptop known by many people .
But did you ever know that the invention of laptop is not support by the top executives of Toshiba at that time .
Indeed , there are always some innovations were created in a skunk works environment .
However , many other innovations are created in a conventionally generated environment .
This essay will focus on two examples of these two environments respectively and analyze the differences and similarities of these two different environments .
The first example is the engineer olaptopsiba who wanted to create a laptop (pp .144- 146 Rogers , (2003)) .
Altthe laptophwas not supportedhe eagerly need of smaller and portable cotime ?r in Japan .
However , at that time , Toshiba'which wererketing situatskunkworks good and the company did not want to risk forwerenew concept of product .
Fortunately , our hero Mizoguchi did not give up .
Otherwise , our laptop may not be as good as now .
Moreover , he diverted funds and found engineers himself to fulfill his idea of creating laptop .
After two years of hard work , they finally worked out their laptop .
However , Toshiba still did not accept the laptop because they did not think it could have good market share .
The good thing is that after all his hard work , he finally proven to Toshiba that his invention very useful and sells very good .
After that , he became one of the chief of Toshiba .
On the other hand , for a conventionally generated technology , like the development of electric cars in California and Arizona , it is regulated by government (Rogers , (2003) pp .
87-89) .
Company had to do research on how to manufacture it and make it be loved by consumers .
Although the whole process of making the car is very tough , the engineers were supported by company , government , and society all the way .
In conclusion , the first differences between a skunk works environmentd a conventionally generated environment are the differences between financial , technology , equipment , resource and people's attitdide towards them .
The second difference the source of the idea .
The similaes are those innovations all promoted the development of society and they do their best for the creation of their product and dream .
With the spirit of innovation and passion for innovation , our life will become better and better .
In Singapore , innovations in engineering design have been in the cold when compared to leading countries like Germany or Japan .
In my opinion , there are two problems that have led to this situation: Our education structure as well as the shallow engineering heritage that we have .
Firstly , the education structure in Singapore is too rigid and does not promote the creativity of students .
The majority of our Singaporean kids will go through primary school and graduate with a PSLE certificatecertificate , follow that up with a secondary school education in either the express , normal academic or normal technical stream .
This streaming systemhowever , however , was largely based on the students' abilities to cope with the standard subjects on language , math , science and humanities instead of the interest of the students in terms of arts , science or other humanities like literature .
As a result , there was an unhealthy emphasis on the children's results in the standard subjects which they learned .
Parents wanted their children to score well in order to advance to university and have a bright future .
In their eyes , creative students who want to make it into the arts stream were just rotten apples who couldn't do well in their standard subjects .
Indeed , this was very discouraging for the young minds .
As a result , creativity , which is the key to innovation , isn't developed since young for many Singaporeans .
Singapore's emphasis on commercial gains rather than innovations was largely influenced by the fact that we were a trading hub since British rule .
Chinese merchants , Indian spice traders and Malay rubber traders involved in the trading market were the backbone of our country's growth .
On the other hand , the Europeans had the Romans who created the wheel while the Japanese made the Katana for their Samurai .
Therefore , we cannot blame our forefathers for not being innovative when it comes to engineering .
Our innovations came in the way that they tense business instead .
In conclusion , even if  we are able to solve the education structure problem , it will still take a few more generations of Singaporeans before we can start to see results for our engineering innovations .
We are after all , a very young nation when compared to the rest of the world .
Perhaps in future , there will be Singaporeans who can create engineering wonders to revolutionize the world .
We will then be able to catch up with countries like Germany or Japan and be labeled as a country with innovative engineering .
In the past few centuries , humankind has taken giant leaps in technology .
The creativity and need for ever improving lifestyle have led to new inventions to ease our lives .
These new inventions are discovered when there is a need or a problem; and when an invention would help solve the problem .
However not all innovations are popular , even though the product would have a technological use , it may not be socially approved .
Therefore an innovation cannot simply be put into the market and expected to be sold , even though it would have a use .
Instead , the product should be accepted socially .
Even some of the products we use everyday are socially determined , for example , the electric refrigerator .
During the 1930's two types of refrigerators were at the prototype stage , one the electric refrigerator and the other the gas refrigerator .
The gas refrigerator was superior to the electricrefrigeratorin several ways .
The gas refrigerator uses an ammonia refrigerant which is vaporized by heating with a gas flame .
Then therefrigerantdissolves in water , hence cooling the refrigerator .
On the other hand , an electric refrigerator has a compressor that condenses the liquidrefrigerant and releases the heat , which wasabsorbedby therefrigerantwhen itvaporized , into the outside surrounding .
(Rogers 2003)
The gas refrigerator , though using the same principle as the electric refrigerator , has a few advantages over the electric refrigerator .
The electric refrigerator has acondenserand motor to drive it , in contrast a gas refrigerator does not contain any mobile mechanical components that could breakdown , and hence would require less maintenance .
This would mean it would be less expensive to maintain agasrefrigerator compared to an electric one .
In addition to this advantage the gas refrigerator makes lessnoisethan the electric refrigerator as well .
(Rogers 2003)
Typically , one would expect the gas refrigerator to capture the consumer market .
However it did not , the main reason being that powerful companies such as General Electric , General Motors , Westinghouse and Kelvinator spent huge sums of money on research and development .
These companies realized that larger profits can be made by selling electric refrigerators and they aggressively marketed the product .
Even though smaller companies tried to compete in the market with the gas refrigerator , they could not stand the might of companies such as General Electric .
Hence the use of gas refrigerators never popularized and instead today we continue to use the electric refrigerator despite it having several flaws .
(Rogers 2003)
In conclusion it can be noted that this technology was determined by companies such as General electric rather than it being the consumer's choice .
Also it goes to show that for a product to be approved and accepted by society , it should be socially determined rather than technologically determined .
As we all know , engineers build this beautiful world .
They apply the complicated theories and knowledge into practice to benefit our life .
It is the engineers who have done the greatest job and made the biggest contribution to human beings .
Although my home country , China , has been developing very fast and achieved tremendous success since theto practice open and reform policy , especially in the field of engineering design processes of innovations , there are still a lot of problems or obstacles lying on the way to further success .
Among all the problems , corruption and education rank as first and second .
According to the Oxford Dictionary , corruption means that dishonest or immoral behavior of activities .
Inimplementationcountry , a large number of great ideas or inventions are made almost every day , but few of them are made into practice and benefit us .
What is the reason ?
Corruption .
In some cases , when a research group comes up with a new plan or idea , he has to report to his boss to ask for fund to develop the idea .
Then the boss has to report further to a boss on a higher level , then all the way up .
Finally , the report reaches the "super boss" , but if corruption exists , the standard for the "super boss" to judge whether this idea should or should not be developed further is whether it can benefit himself , instead of the majority of people .
If the research group is lucky enough to get the fund , the money has to be passed all the way down to the group through a lot of institutions in between .
As the money is passed from one to another , it will become less and less , the other goes to the bosses' own pockets .
Finally , the research group gets the money , but no use anymore , because the remaining money is not enough or the arrival time of money is too late .
When such things happen again and again , people will have no desire to innovate because they know they will not succeed .
Just in this way , corruption hampers the execution stage of engineering design processes for Innovation , killing numerous of engineering design processes for innovation .
The other problem which hampers the engineering design processes for Innovation is the education system .
As we all know , China has the largest population in the world , so students suffer a lot in order to get into put into practice totitution .
They are forced to focus on how to get high marks , but not care about the creation .
PRC students are said to be "full marks , less ability" .
They just repeat what other has done before , and have little idea what innovation is about .
Of course , repetition cannot lead us to innovation .
This is the big problem that hampers the thinking stage of engineering design processes for Innovation .
Although the government is try to improve it , so far the result is not satisfied .
satisfactoryIn a nutshell , the two main problems what hamper the engineering desigotherschavees for Innovation in my home country are corruption , which will probably kill the innovation on the process of execution , and education , which makes the youth less creative that their peers in other countries .
These two problems are very difficult to solve in a short time , but we can improve a lot and make the engineering design processes for Innovation better and better .
Human need is something that is necessary for humans to live a healthy , convenient and comfortable life .
Are the needs that meet/fulfilled human need come from no way ?
The answer is No !
Have you ever observed your surroundings , for examples telephones , computers , fans , iPods etc .
Those  all came into being through the creative application of technology , and do not appear from nowhere .
The majority of the engineering designs are categorized as inventions-devices or systems .they didn't  exist before or are the improvements over existing devices or systems .
Those inventions or designs are processing under a term called: Design activity .
The solution to the design problem requires step-by step methodology , and normally the activity is  an iterative process .
Next I will illustrate more in detail how engineering design processes can meet that need by using one of a current human need that should be given priority - Eco Car .
Collecting information is the next thing we are focusing on .
We need to collect all the information that relevant to the problem .
In this stage , developing a problem statement is necessary .
A broad definition will help in the sense of allowing you to look at alternative solutions .
We should keep asking ourselves  questions , in order to discover mistakes and  also to help in redefining of the problem , such as: is the hydrogen is only the material we need to consider ?
What are the existing solutions to the problem ?
etc .
Searching for information resources for examples , using internet , electronic catalog or indexes will also broaden your view on your design problem .
Thirdly , generate multiple solutions .
In this stage , creativity plays an extremely important rule here because in generating new ideas that may solve the problem .
We could start with an existing solution to the problem , and from there can find out more weaknesses about our design/product and focus on improving the weaknesses .
For examples , the top speed of the Eco car can only reach 40km/h , which is consider "slow" for a normal driver .
So how can we improve from this issue ?
Thus , combine new ideas , methods , finding more weaknesses could help in producing a totally unique solution to the problem .
When it comesanalyzing and selecting solution , here we need to decide which solution is  best suited for implementation to the problem .
Analyzing the best solution is essential before deciding which design solution to implement .
For examples , functional analysis .
We need to ensure the given solution will function the way it should .
Even even though it meets all the criteria but fails at one of them , it is still considered a failure .
Product safety and liability , we also need to consider the Eco car that we design doesn't cause injury to humans , property damage and environmental damage from the use of your design .
Besides that , economic and market analysis , to analyze how people feel in this Eco car , are they willing to pay for a car the top speed of which is only 40km/h ?Lastly is the decision making and give rating to each design alternative against the stated criteria .
For examples , safety: 30 percent , efficiency: 30 percent etc .
Now we've reached the final stage - test and implement the solution .
There are several considerations  to be considered , such as prototyping , concurrent engineering and the distinct activities that might happen during implementation like , documentation , applying for patents .
Finally testing and verification , you have to test all steps in the process work .
Because without having a proper testing at all stages in the process , you may find yourself in trouble later on .
As a conclusion , follow the engineering design process is an important guidance as it can guides your design into more details of implementing ideas , more effective way of problem solving .
Design activity is cyclic and iterative , it will continually repeat to the five step processes , until the best design has appeared .
Basically engineering design process includes of five-step process .
It is usually used in a problem-solving works for design problems .
As the example given by Khandani's article , Wright brothers are actually gone through this five-step process , to show that design problem may require backtracking and iteration .
The five steps used for the solving design problems are:
* Define the problem
* Gather pertinent information
* Generate multiple solutions
* Analyze and select a solution
* Test and implement the solution
10 students from our school , NUS also involving in the Eco car design .
On 17 Aug 2009 , they successfully launched the first Singapore-designed urban concept car with zero carbon emission .
Let's talk about how they use the five-step process to work out such an impressing job !
Firstly , definition of the problem .
Before we can develop a problem , we need to recognize the need for a new product , system , or machine .
We all know that the vehicles are running by the petroleum fuel , because of the rapidly increasing of the petroleum prices due to lacking of the material , and it is predicted will running out in few decades , this issue leads us to look for a new material to replace petroleum has become enthusiastic among the engineering fields .
Besides , establish criteria for success is important as well .
We should consider the preliminary criteria before move into next stage .
For examples , the design must be low cost; the design must be user friendly etc .
There are several issues that may affect negatively an engineering design process .
Two main problems faced by Singapore engineers are financial issues and social factors .
Singapore is a modern globalized city utilizing cutting edge technology for its growth and development .
Thus , much emphasis is placed on the designing engineers to develop innovations to further improve the well-being of our society .
Even with strong government support in nurturing designer engineers , the problems are still very much prevalent .
For large scale engineering design processes , a huge amount of resources is required .
A large amount of money is required to purchase these resources .
Financial problems may start to arise at the start of the design processes .
An aspiring innovator will usually face financial problems and find it hard to kick start their research .
Thus , he or she has to find companies or organization to finance their work in return for partial ownership rights over their research .
Without proper funding , designer engineers will find it hard to complete their innovations given the iterative nature of their work .
Furthermore , funding is required to apply for patents .
pursuing patents is  not easy as they take  a long time period of time to process , requiring large amount of money .
The engineers have to be confident about their innovations and understand the improvements their work will have on society .
(Khandani 22) .
Even if the financial problem is resolved , the innovations have to be socially acceptable .
This applies to the design processes as well .
That is , the design processes must not goes against proper ethnics and morals , nor result in any negative third party effects .
For example , some processes of bio-engineering are involved with life human cells research and the use of living test specimens .
These may offend the general public as these actions are seen as 'playing god' , going against common religious beliefs .
Engineering processes that result in environmental issues will also face pressure from environmental groups or the government .
Another social reason would be the government factor .
In Singapore , there are several policies governing the ongoing design research processes .
Engineers are required to seek approvals before carrying out their work processes to meet safety regulations .
These may result in crucial time loss .
Time is a pressuring factor for designer engineers with date lines to meet .
Tedious 'red tape' in all the government processes would slow down the progress of research , resulting in lower working quality and efficiency .
In conclusion , the social and financial factors are main issues hampering the design processes of engineers .
The problems are even more so in the Singapore context .
However , realizing the importance of designer engineers in today's society , Singapore government has implemented measures to encourage innovative engineering .
Development funds are set up and the many guidelines for designer processes are clarified .
It helps to alleviate the situation , but the problems will still continue to persist .
Technology and inventions are not strangers in this fast developing world .
Things that people had never imagined 2 centuries ago have become a normality nowadays .
In 1876 , Alexander Graham Bell invented a telephone .
Today , we cannot live without a hand phone whereas people from 1900s did not have one for their own .
Furthermore , sharing of information has never been easier with the invention of Internet after another century , in 2000s .
All these inventions have been contributed by a lot of people of different expertises .
Most of the time , new technology and innovations are being developed based on existing technology while some individual or group may discover technology serendipitously .
There are certain similarities and differences between those two methods of discovery .
We will discuss computer technology compared to the discovery of penicillin which is a serendipitous discovery .
For every discovery or technology to be accepted by consumers , it has to meet the demands of users .
This is the same for both technology via research or a serendipitous discovery .
An example of this is the discovery of penicillin in 1928 which was one of the earliest antibiotics available in the market .
The use of penicillin extended from killing disease-causing bacteria to saving lives in the battlefield during the World War II .
Therefore , this discovery was a success and used by people all around the world .
This fact illustrates that not only the discovery has to be successful but also it has to be accepted by society .
Technology developed through researches has often been influenced by economical and profitability factors .
Most of the products created in computer technology are based on this factor .
For example , the companies have been developing different models of electronic devices every month to boost their sales .
According to Rogers(2003) , although gas refrigerators has overwhelming advantages (no moving parts , no noise) the extensive investment in R&D by big companies had made electric refrigerators better products .
On the other hand , a serendipitous discovery does not depend on those factors .
An individual or a group of researchers can make discoveries which may be useful to society without following the influence of companies and investors .
Other major differences between the two technologies are the availability of funds for research and the facilities used by researchers .
Technology developed through researched usually has ample funds allocated to them whereas the individual researchers will have to find the fund for their own .
Nowadays , Computer Technology has become so popular that every potential research will be funded sufficiently and thus researchers can produce more innovative ideas and products .
In conclusion , technology , whether it is discovered accidentally or purposely , is the main ingredient of new innovations and products .
We have to make the technology useful to society because they are the main users of the end-products .
In the end , a serendipitous discovery will be just as good as echnology discovered by research as long as it serves the purpose of contributing to the society and making lives better .
Energy source is the key factor that will affect the development of any country .
It is required especially for industries , agriculture , and even domestic uses .
However , due to the large consumption of energy , most countries are facing serious energy crisis .
One of the reasons may be also due to the increasing population and resulting in people consuming energy more than the amount of energy produced .
This serious shortage of energy is affecting industries as well as the daily lives of people .
According to an article written by Khalid Chandio (2009) , he says that "Pakistan is presently facing a serious energy crisis" and "the demand exceeds supply" .
Therefore , it is crucial to find possible solutions to solve the problem before it gets fully depleted .
Many countries now are trying to increase the cost of energy to prevent people from misusing them .
Although some countries are still keeping up with the rapid increasing of energy demands , there is still a need for other alternatives to prepare for the future .
Some possible solutions will be utilizing sun energy , wind , coal , geothermic and bio energy , which in principle are renewable .
However , among all this possible solutions , most of them are not suitable to be implemented due to high cost and the availability in large scale .
For example , coal is cheap but it causes pollution .
Extra work has to be done in order to reduce the amount of pollution produced to the minimum (Khalid Chandio  ,2009) .
Several design considerations have to be well-planned such that low design cost , design safety and preventing harm to the environment .
Analysis is the key to process design .
Among all the suggested solutions , it is crucial to analyse all the solutions before making a decision .
After brainstorming all the possible solutions , solar energy stands out as the best solution .
According to an article by Musse Mohamud Ahmed (2003) , he says that solar energy is world-wide recognised renewable energy sources , cost free and clean energy .
Environment impacts are also negligible .
However , one problem that may hinder this invention is the use of costly equipment and the selection of the wrong peak sunshine data .
Therefore , exact calculations for the solar power production are very important before any actual implementation of solar energy scheme to ensure proper performance and reduce cost .
Cost depends heavily on the size of solar power system .
Weather conditions are important for high performance as solar energy depends largely on the sun .
Cloudy weathers will produce lesser power as compared to sunny weathers .
Engineers need to calculate the required solar panels needed for certain hours use of energy .
Selection of solar energy components is another issue that engineers need to take into consideration when using solar energy .
To conclude , solar energy proves the best solution to solve energy crisis in term of cost and high performance , except for the cost of the solar power system .
Proper choosing of solar power system is therefore very important .
Solar energy also stands out in terms of commercial purposes due to environment impacts .
This will result in negligible pollution produced .
Hence , solar energy provides a remarkable invention to the earth .
"Education is not the answer to the question .
Education is the means to the answer to all questions" , William Allin did define the final purpose of studying , which becomes more and more essential in this 21st century .
Education is such an indispensable part of our lives that need improving to catch up with others; overall , it should be given priority and development .
Although our common education system is generally sufficient , it still contains some shortcomings that spread out all over the world .
In developing countries , education is even a far-away concept though a lot of governments' and outside donors' have been made .
As a glance: "In sub-Saharan Africa , for example , the average student-teacher ratio in primary school is 47 to 1 , compared with 17 to 1 in developed countries .
And that masks even worse conditions in the early grades , where this ratio can be as high as 100 to 1 .
As a result , too few of these new students are mastering the basic skills necessary to begin lifting themselves out of poverty" (Hewlett Foundation) .
The education issue also involves the cost of schooling , "Even when schooling is ostensibly 'free' studies have shown that parents incur other direct costs such as activity fees , uniforms , paper and pens (including texts and excise books) , transport , lunches , expenses for boarding and others which often result in the exclusion of poor children from school" (Chimombo , 2005) .
Other problems are equity and gender issue , cultural and religious attitudes , efficiency and quality .
In developed countries , the cost of study and also the efficiency of education are the main points which considerably need observing .
"Another observation in the report that we find is those with college degrees are facing the highest unemployment in two decades since records started being kept .
With college costs going through the roof and in many cases , costing nearly $50 ,000 a year at private schools many are asking whether some college degrees are even worth pursuing" (Mybudget360 , 2009) .
In short , the education shortcomings mainly focus on the equipment and management issues .
The problem seems to need help from social workers , but indeed , it also relies on engineers .
Processes to solve the above design problem include several steps .
According to Khandani , they are defining the problem , gathering pertinent information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting a solution , testing and implementing the solution .
Specifically , when focusing upon the education problem , it can be inferred that the key words are "cost" and "efficiency" .
Then perhaps a multi-purpose tool is the good starting-point .
The tool should be sufficient to reduce the cost and enhance the efficiency .
For example , it could be an interactive learning device , an all-in-one electronic book , a real-time network or even a virtual intelligent teacher .
Whatever it is , the tool must be affordable by either governments or best individuals , helpful to students' studying progress and feasible for popularization .
Also and importantly , it should be a new and creative invention .
To achieve this aim , a large group of engineers are recommended to establish and work together .
People coming from different places all over the world will bring along their own view for the issue , understand what their country's need and contribute both their academic and social knowledge .
Co-operation among engineers will make an innovation in the end when the abstract idea is turned into physical equipment .
Education today should be given more priority and improvements .
That could be carried out by engineers who hold the key to solve design problems .
"Design activity occurs over a period of time and requires a step- by-step methodology" , said Khandani .
Work cited
(Khandani , S . (2005) .
Engineering design process .
Retrieved June 29 , 2009 , from http://www .iisme .org/etp/HS%20Engineering-%20Engineering .pdf
(Hewlett Foundation .
Global Development: Quality Education in Developing Countries .
Retrieved September 7 , 2009 from http://www .hewlett .org/programs/global-development-program/quality- education-in-developing-countries (Joseph P . G . Chimombo (2005) .
Issues in Basic Education in Developing Countries: An Exploration of Policy Options for Improved Delivery .
CICE Hiroshima University , Journal of International Cooperation in Education , Vol .8 , No .1 , (2005) pp .129 152 (Mybudget360 .
Does a College Degree Protect your Career ?
Unemployment Rate for College Graduates Highest on Record .
Retrieved September 7 , 2009 from http://www .mybudget360 .com/does-a-college-degree-protect-your-career- unemployment-rate-for-college-graduates-highest-on-record/
Standing in the Third World , China has taken the challenge to improve the development step by step in the past few decades .
Yet there is a long way to go , especially for those designing engineers , because creative design and integrated innovation really play vital roles in one country's development .
However , lots of realistic problems which are like obstacles hampering China from enhancing the economy in design process , lie in the way .
Specifically , two problems from social and technological aspect are emphatic .
The Examination-styled education limits the creativity of potential persons .
And furthermore , China is losing those talent people who are good at designing because of the unbalanced policy .
Firstly , Examination-styled education cuts down children's creativity .
Due to the huge population in China , Chinese education system has to select talented people by setting one universal examination which is called GaoKao for candidates all over China each year .
According to the ministry of Education of PRC , all together more than 10 million candidates will have to attend Gaokao for the entry to universities every year .
However , China has only 720 higher education institutes offering degree aspectsm (MOEPRC , 2006) , which means that those 10 million candidates have to fiercely compete for the deficient universities in terms of their marks in exam .
Under such an stressful circumstance , students learn knowledge only for examinations .
In order to gain a best result in GaoKao , they have to do thousands of tutorial questions for practicing .
Their goals are getting more marks in each test rather than trying to learning and applying knowledge to solve problems .
Therefore , most students neglect practicing their capacity of learning , communication skills , using logical method to get information , and so forth .
Moreover , the most horrible thing is that they can not thinking creatively especially for design process .
Engineers as they will be , their job is to be skillful at applying knowledge to solving problems they meet effectively , which is irrelevant to getting full marks in examinations .
Secondly , mae and more talented designing engineers leave China behind .
The policy of reformation and opening pushes China into a new global position she has never met before .
The designing engineering can get touch with foreign developed companies which may provide attractive remuneration .
Chinese government also does not take measure to keep resources of human talents .
As a result , approaching 600 thousand studentsmethodsone out overseas for further study since 1980s .
But only a quarter of them come back to serve China in economic development (Pan , 2006) .
In the same way , China lost lots of design engineers which may contribute innovative ideas about construction either on specific field like civil engineering , or on the entire development of Chinese economy .
However , only minority of the experts can make efforts on design process in China .
Thus , the acceleration of enhancement of engineering will be reduced at a large scale .
Additionally , every country nowadays is trying its best to protect human resources as well as technology and design ideas .
Less highly educated people staying in China will be a disadvantage on this protection .
Good designing ideas may be lost from China , or even not created in this country .
a minorityIn conclusion , my home country China now faces two challenging troubles .
Examination-styled education kills children's creativity .
And , Chinese government does not manage well on resources of human talents .
Both problems will sharply hamper the design process of innovation of China .
Obviously , it will be an extremely heavy load on our generation and hopefully , we can handle this issue and change the situation .
TITLE: Nowadays , science and technology in China has been growing rapidly .
As the economics develops and China becomes more connect
Problems Hampering Engineering Design Process in China
Nowadays , technology and science in China is growing rapidly .
As the economics develops and China is more connected to the global environment , the government has placed much emphasis on science and technology to make it an integral part of the development of the country .
Engineering design is an crucial part of technology .
However , since China is a developing country , the systems and regulations are not sufficiently advanced .
Lots of problems existing in different areas hamper the engineering design processes for innovation .
Among them , the most serious two are from education system and financial investment .
In order to solve these problems , we must first know how these problems come from and the negative effects they have caused .
In this essay , I will discuss these clearly .
First and foremost , the  in China is not conducive enough to cultivate students' ability of innovation .
Especially for engineerings , hands-on , practical ability and independent thinking are the most important capabilities .
However , the education evaluation system in China is based on examination .
Using examinations to recruit the most outstanding students results in that a large proportion of engineering students are only good at rote memorization but not innovative thinking .
This has caused the shortage of talents in both quantity and quality .
Based on statistics on 2004 , the number of researchers per million is 708 in China , while it is 3750 in developed countries (Education Economic Indicators of Countries in the World , 2009) .
Engineering creation and innovation can not go without talents .
Moreover , to create a new product needs the cooperation of many people .
If there is not enough talents , the design process can even hardly be started .
So the problems in education system is the main obstacle to the engineering design process .
In addition , funding remained a major problem of technology development because science and technology study and every steps in an engineering design process are expensive .
Compared with the world average education and technology input of 5% , the spending of China is only 3% (Zhang , 2006) .
The funding for technology is far from enough .
To develop a new technology needs advanced equipment , instruments , venues and special materials .
Besides , for talents , subsidies and welfare are necessary .
The design process of every invention needs large amount of expenses .
For some of the complex scientific research projects , it need a long time to go .
When it comes to some design for specific purpose , it may not receive any economic profits in a short-term .
If the government cut off the financial support halfway , the task can't be continued and everything come to naught .
It is precisely because there is not enough money input , a lot of good ideas can not be implemented .
And because of no good treatment , many talents go abroad to carry on their study and work .
Without strong funding support , the engineering innovation can not develop well .
This has seriously affected the engineering and technology innovation in China .
In conclusion , the problems from education system and technology funding have hampered the development of engineering design process of innovation for a long time .
To be a powerful country , China should develop in a comprehensive way .
Technology and innovation is the soul of a nation's development .
So the government should reform the education system and provide more funding on technology to develop engineering design processes for innovation .
In this new era of globalization , design and innovation plays an important role in changing the world into a better place to live .
From the  until this modern world of technology , many inventions and innovations have been made so as to suit our lifestyle .
For example , mobile phones have become smaller and lighter with the miniaturization of digital components and the development of more sophisticated batteries .
Inventors realized the risk of not taking a risk and dare to challenge an outdated product .
However , in my home country- Malaysia , there are some obstacles that hold back engineering design processes for innovation .
The first problem is the current economic model for one off development .
In our country , we are unable to achieve commercially significant levels of reuse beyond platform .
This is because the engineers design and develop most products as individuals in isolation from other products .
Eventually , all the products such as computer software  more or less have the same functions , it is just that return on investment in product development would be far higher if multiple versions or multiple products were taken into account .
Hence , organizations rarely make commercially significant investments in identifying and harvesting the reusable assets , unless it is explicitly planned in advance .
This problem causes us to fail to recognize the opportunity to convert resources optimally so as to meet our objective , which is to meet desired needs of the public .
And of course , this need can sometimes be considered a necessity to some people but a luxury for others .
But the most important reason is , when engineers do not investigate a reusable product , they will eventually create the same structural product without improving its properties .
Thus , these products do not fulfill different needs of the public .
The second matter that significantly hampers engineering design processes for innovations in my home country is the limitation of human resources for designing new products .
Human resources are an important factor for a country to come up with lots of creative innovation .
For instance , the younger generation dares to challenge themselves and think out of the box to generate new ideas .
They have the initiative and determination to turn their dreams and imaginations into reality .
Unfortunately , this expertise tends to work in other countries instead of staying back after graduation .
This is because foreign companies are willing to offer them higher position and satisfying salary compared to local companies .
Consequently , there is no new blood in research and development prospects .
The lack of human resources brings great impact on our country's economic growth .
This is because outdated products will be eliminated from the market and when there is no invention of new products , sooner or later other countries will stop importing products from us and head towards those with higher technologies .
As a result , our country will fall into inflation and recession will occur .
In conclusion , engineering design process for innovations plays a crucial role in our society .
It is very important for a country to sustain its products' marketability by enhancing its design and functions .
Hence , the  economic model for one off development and limitation of human resources should not be obstacles for our country's progress .
Don't multitask , multithink instead .
Think out of the box and be creative so as we can keep on path with the fast paces of life .
With the constant rise of sea level , many countries face the danger of being submerged underwater .
If this happens , we may not even have sufficient rice for survival .
More than a third of the Mekong Delta in Vietnam , where nearly half of the country's rice is grown will be submerged underwater if sea level rises by one more metre (IOL , 2009) .
Vietnam is the second largest rice exporter after Thailand and this will put the rice on our table at stake .
Global Warming has been a persistent problem that engineers should step in and help .
Engineers should adjust their designs creatively; like constructing more green buildings and including more greeneries in any future plans for redeveloping Singapore .
Firstly , engineers should design all buildings in accordance with the Building and Construction Authority (BCA) green mark scheme .
The scheme would provide advice on how a green building should be built and what additional features should be included .
All these guidelines will save electricity  and reduce environmental impact as well .
For example , although the air conditioning system in a library cannot be switched off at night due to the moisture content in the atmosphere , they can be set to a higher temperature or part of the units can be switched off automatically at night .
Hence , it will help in decreasing the Chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) gases emitted which harms the ozone layer .
In short , engineers should adopt the green mark scheme for all the buildings they design in the future to reduce the environmental impacts that are harmful to the earth .
Secondly , engineers can dedicate more green areas to future plans on redeveloping Singapore .
Some of the emission of negative gases that affect the ozone layer are beyond our control , certain plans to recycle the harmful gases should be considered .
For example , trees and plants can be planted at strategic locations of Singapore as they will reduce pollution by photosynthesising and producing oxygen in return .
This is an ideal method which can be adopted especially in congested cities like Singapore .
Other than dedicating land area for greens , gardens can also be built on the balconies , facades and even the roofs of buildings !
The multi-tier idea will definitely increase the intensity of green areas , thus reducing pollution and help to recycle cleaner air for our atmosphere .
To sum up , there should be gardens in every town and parks in every estate to allow a good ratio of renewing air supply in the atmosphere .
In summary , all buildings in Singapore in the future should be built in accordance with the green mark scheme by BCA and include a certain minimum percentage of green areas for all future town plans .
All engineers should design creatively and innovatively not only for decorative reasons , but to tackle the global warming problem as well .
So do you know why Singapore's Minister Mentor , Mr Lee Kuan Yew wanted Singapore to be a garden city since she gained independence ?
Nowadays , the living standards of human beings has been improved due to the changes in time .
Everything has changed drastically from the past untill now .
Therefore , the requirements of people in terms of technology has increased .
For example , in the past mobile phone has been designed to the size of a brick , and now mobile phone has been designed into a small and stylish design with high technology function , such as touch screen function .
However , the engineering design process for innovation has been hampered in my home country , Malaysia .
According to the The 6th International Malaysian Studies Conference 2008 , "it is true that Malaysian SMEs do not see innovation as part of their business" .
In my home country , I feel that the 2 main problems that hamper the engineering design processes for innovation  are the lack of government support in engineering innovative design area and social problem .
In my home country , I feel that social problem could be one of the main problems that lead the engineering design process for innovation hampered .
For the people who live in the urban area , it is quite obvious that most of the houses are designed in the same design by the developer , as the society doesn't have high expectation in unique houses design , as long as it meets their basic requirement , low price and large housing area .
Same to other engineering sector , as money remain the main concern in everybody's mind .
Many people feel that engineering design is not very important in their daily life , as it cannot help them to earn big money .
With this , the older generation feels that a functional product is more important compared to a well designed innovative product .
Old generation also do not encourage young generation step in designing area because they feel that designing cannot bring a good future for them .
Hence with this , the young generation will follow the pathway of their parents , for example , work as businessman .
Next , the other main problem is the lack of government support in this area , as the resources in the engineering design process for innovation and the expertise in this area are very limited in my home country .
People who are interested in engineering design area do not have any opportunity to explore in this area .
For example , the PETRONAS Twin Tower , the iconic building of Malaysia , government has bought the design from a Japanese architect and built it , as we can see that opportunities are given out to foreigners instead to local people .
These 2 problems may lead to some of the future local talented people give up on pursuing their interest in engineering design processes for innovation .
Some may seek  other solutions such as for those who can afford the  fees will go overseas for better education , and work there , as theywill have more exposure and opportunity to  in design .
According to the Australian Education International , "There were almost 21 ,000 Malaysian student enrolments in Australia as at the end of October 2008 .
This is 1 ,000 more enrolments than the same period last year , and represents almost 7% growth" .
Whereas for those who could not afford to study  overseas for higher education , may end up in give up their ambition .
Besides that , the export rate of Malaysia's products would also be heavily affected , such as the automobile sector , as it would slowly be outclassed by other innovative products from other countries .
In conclusion , innovative designing doesn't come into consideration in designing a product for most engineers in my home country and their main target is to meet their client requirement .
With this , if nothing has been done to solve it , in future the engineering sector in Malaysia would be seriously affected , compared  to other more advance country .
Technology is the power to make one country strong .
Since China has developed a lot in the last decade , its economic strength has increased significantly .
However , as President Hu (2007) says in the Seventeenth National People's Congress , China is still weak in independent innovation .
Since then , it became a big task to implementing the strategy of putting a lot of efforts in technological advancement .
China has learnt a lot from other countries , but is lack of its own inventions .
The reason why my country does not make a big progress in innovation area is because of the weakness in education system and limitation in economic support .
In this paper , I will discuss on two basic causes: education problem and economy problems , and explain the effects these two problems cause .
First , education is a big issue a countryt government should improve to make citizens more talented and creative .
Exam-oriented education is the main education system in China .
It inherits traditional education from thousands years ago: "life depends on one examination" , which pushes a lot of pressure on shas becomes .
China is a cimplementry with limited jobs .
The only wayeffort a good job is to enter a good university , which makes the exam becomes more and more difficult in order to find most talented students .
However , students lose their creativity and innovation since they have soaked in the exam paper for a long time .
Moreover , teachers and parents only care about t exam results instead of their talent , which will make students only good at exam .
Furthermore , the education in university is not good .
Some universities want to increase their popularity , so they approve more master degrees and PHD degrees , which decrease the level of master degree students .
In recent news , there is no difference between the employment ratios of graduate students and masters .
This will bury a lot of talented people .
Finally , many student choose to go oversea to finish their education or start their careers , which made China lost many talents .
In short , the education system in china killed talent of innovation .
Beside the education problem , the lacthe government for design projects is also a big problem .
As President Hu (2007) writes in his NPC report scientific development should depend on the situation of country development .
Overall saying , the productively level in China is not high , and the socialist market economy has established initially .
However , the gap between rich and poor tend to increase .
Government has spent lots of money on urban and rural development .
Moreover , as China become more open to the world , she faces constant intensifying international competition .
Comparing to some developed countries which have advantage in economic scientific , we will suffer more predictable and unpredictable risk .
(Seventh National People's Congress , 2007) Because of the limited money for research , many people have to do their experiments in a small place with crude equipments .
All of these make the development of engineering design stuck in a difficult situation .
comparedIn conclusion , education problems and economy problems hinder the development of design technology .
Government should advocate the education for all-round development to all the schools , and put more money into scientific devnt .
Thproductivityease people's independent innovation ability , and make the country more prosperous .
Being a country with a relatively small market dominated by large companies and a low spending consumer base , it is extremely difficult for new products to penetrate into the market and capture consumer attention without insufficient financing .
Thus , government financing on such new ventures is essential for its survival .
However , there has been a lack of government support for  such projects mainly due to defense expenses .
Over the past three decades Sri Lanka has witnessed the longest civil war in the country .
Billions of dollars was spent every year for purchasing weaponry , rehabilitating refugees and for wages of defense personnel .
A record USD 1 .82 billion was spent in the year 2008 only on new weaponry which is a twenty percent increase from the previous year (Note 1) .
Although decades long war finally came to an end last June , estimated 280 ,000 refugees have to be relocated , 30 ,000 disabled soldiers have to be looked after and a 6000 families of dead army cadres have to be compensated(Note 2) .
All these require financing which the government aims to gain mainly through taxation which makes it even difficult for new products to survive .
Due to insufficient funding many new engineering products and ideas face difficulties in marketing , advertising which is required to reach to the masses of the population .
Also , some new products require the expertise from other fields and even from other countries and extensive research in order to make their product marketable and competitive however absence of proper funding makes it challenging to gain such expertise .
Due to these reasons many products even fail to launch into the market .
The second reason that I feel makes it difficult for new engineering innovations to be successful is  the large number of professionally qualified Sri Lankans migrating to other countries .
Sri Lanka has the highest literacy rate in South East Asia with over 96% population being able to read or write , this is mainly due to a free education system introduced in the late 1940 s (Note 3) .
All Sri Lankans enjoy a free education up to university level thus , a large proportion of the population gain high professional qualifications which are recognized all over the world .
However , there is no proper system such as the MOE grant system in Singapore to retain these individuals with in Sri Lanka resulting in most of these professionals leaving the country for better paid employment opportunities .
Reports show that over 8000 Sri Lankans have migrated to India from January 2009 to August 2009 (Note 5) and over 100 ,000 Sri Lankans are currently residing in Australia making them the 16th largest ethnic group in Australia (Note 6) .
These numbers show the magnitude of the seriousness of this problem .
Due to this high rate of migration a vacuum of knowledge and expertise is gradually being developing with in the country which eventually has lead to a decrease in fewer innovations especially in the field of engineering .
These professionals also make up most of the high spending consumer base in Sri Lanka therefore migration of these professionals contribute to the reduction of sales of new products indirectly .
In conclusion I believe lack of financial resources especially low amounts of government spending and migrations of professionals are the two main reasons that cause lack of product innovation and idea generation in the field of engineering in Sri Lanka .
It is rather unfortunate because these problems could be rectified through careful planning and strategic management .
What is engineering process ?
Engineering process is a process to find out the solutions to improving the performance of a system .
Engineering process can be divided into many stages from the initial stage identify the need research on it until the final stage presenting the products .
Engineering design process is important processes that have to be carefully done before the product send for mass production .
However in our real life there engineering process is not hundred percent perfect , during the design process there are minor and major problems .
In Malaysia there are two major problems that significantly hamper in engineering processes and their impact .
First problem that significantly hampers engineering design processes for innovations in Malaysia is financial issues .
Due to the global economic crisis , currently Malaysia is under economic downturn .
This economic downturn led to great decline in the engineering sector field especially in engineering design process .
In the past few years , Malaysia's company was dismissed their worker in order to reduce their labour cost .
The workers they have dismissed are not  just just the  the operators , part of them are research engineers .
In addition , to reducing their expenses they even temporarily suspended all the research and develop process .
The employee may think research and development is a costly investment and a lot of uncertainty process .
For example The Bakun Dam project was suspended due to lack of the fund in 2001 .
The second problem that hampers engineering design in Malaysia is lack of technology systems .
In Malaysia there are many small enterprise companies which are lack in technology systems for their manufacturing process .
Due to the lack of technology systems in their factories they do not have a good exhaust for the waste gases .
Most of the waste gases  contain a lot unhealthy chemical compounds that harm for human body and pollute the air quality .
As a result , their factories were not allowed to continue  the manufacture process .
The process involve can be either manufacturing process or an experiment process .
Furthermore due to lack of the technology system in my country a lot high technology research have to be postponed .
They need to wait for few months to few years to import the new system form other country to continue the research process .
The effect of the financial problem on engineering process for innovation will result engineering process stuck at the research stage .
Due to the lack offunds there is money to hire research engineering , research equipment and materials on experiment .
In addition , the lack of fund also will affect the initial stage identify the need of the consumers there is no fund for conduct survey .
Besides the effect on financial problem , outdated technology systems used in Malaysia also will cause the research process either defer for a long period or stuck there .
In summary , financial problem and lack in technology was two major engineering design problems in Malaysia .
Engineering design will affect the development in Malaysia , thus government should to pay close attention to this issue and find out the possible solutions .
Such as they can conduct workshop to help small enterprise company on improve their technology system .
Ever wondered why some brilliant engineering creations are not as important in our life compared to creation like the microwave oven ?
The microwave oven changed our way of living for the better better , providing us with so much convenience , with just a click of a button plus a considerably short waiting time , we could stir up a dish with no mess and no hassle .
Innovation is the word for creations which have made it this far , widely adopted and used by the public .
One such life example of a failure creation yet ingenious piece of artifact would be the solar panel powered vehicle .
Without a doubt , the solar-panel powered vehicle would outweigh with exceptional advantages over the conventional gasoline powered vehicle , such as , zero emission and zero refueling , going green and saving the Earth from global warming .
The question is why this creation not popular with the public or attracting investors to further develop this product ?
There are two main causes for this lack of acceptance from the society which hampered the engineering design process for innovation: limitations and ownerships .
To begin , solar panel powered vehicle runs on the concept of converting sunlight energy into mechanical energy which propels the vehicle .
In another word , on a particular day which is cloudy or rainy , the vehicle will have no source of energy to tap on to produce output energy to run the vehicle .
To further discourage users , the location of this solar panel powered vehicle is very crucial , if the user resides in countries near the poles; they experience lesser daytime , thus minimizing the chance to utilize the vehicle .
Speed and power of solar powered vehicle is low in nature because of the way it's built to tap the energy from , compared to gasoline powered vehicle , another turn off factor .
Also , in aiming to be energy efficient , the design of the vehicle requires large area surface , which generated space limitation , being too big of a size to maneuver around on public roads .
In short , the limitations of weather , location , speed , power and space deterred the public from accepting this creation as part of their convenience list .
Next  , solar cells are what make up the solar panel and it is not surprising that this new technology is of high market value .
The initial cost of this type of vehicle is very high compared to what it can offer in return , which is also why patrons are discouraged and rather decide on the conventional gasoline vehicle .
Since the cells are of high value , and as long in Singapore's context is concern , most vehicles are parked in the open and not in a garage; the solar panels on the vehicle are very prone to thievery for personal benefits or vandalism for self satisfaction .
Additionally ,  , solar cells are of delicate piece of engineering , environmental pollutions can degrade the solar cells and the lifespan of these cells are of no better , they can be very random from few months due to loose connections or two decades if properly taken care of .
To sum it up , solar cells are of high market value due to its scarcity , incurring a high cost in every aspect , such as , repairing because mechanics with knowledge of solar cells are limited and the infrastructure for this product is not widely available commercially , thus the high cost .
To conclude , for a creation to evolve into successful innovation , the acceptance from the society is the utmost importance , only then it will create a market demand for service provider such as organizations to bring in and further market or develop the product .
Users being the society and providers being the organization , the absence of either one will not lead to an innovative engineering design .
Like an old saying goes , "It takes both hands to clap" .
Do you know that India is crowned the most corrupted countries in the world ?
(India Business Blog , n .d .) In many developing countries , there will be some kind of problems or obstacles that may hamper engineering design processes for innovation .
So , what are the problems in India that prevent engineers from their design processes for innovations ?
When we look at the problems that India has which hamper engineers , there are many to list but there are few most important or dangerous obstacles like political corruption & political parties not only affect the engineers work but also the growth of the country .
The first main problem in India which inhabits the engineering design process is political corruption .
When one submits a design process for innovations to their higher authorities for approval , the project proposal will not be processed immediately .
The proposal report will be stacked on the higher authority's table for months .
The project proposal will only get processed fast enough when bribing is used .
A 2005 study done by Transparency International in India found that more than 50% of the people had first hand experience of paying bribe or peddling influence to get a job done in a public office (Wikipedia , n .d .) .
Road infrastructures projects are one of the engineering projects that would get hamper the most .
The road systems in many villages and cities in India are either incomplete or done to  dissatisfaction .
Many state-funded construction activities in India , such as road building , are dominated by construction mafias , which are grouping of corrupt public works officials , material suppliers , politicians and construction contractors (Wikipedia , n .d .) .
The result of political corruption has bad effects .
Firstly , the development of the country is inhabited .
When good & innovating projects are proposed , the projects are not identified by the authorities or they get delayed as the authority officers do not get bribe .
Secondly , public officers approve unsuitable projects if they get bride for it .
For example , shoddy construction and substitution like mixing sand in cement while submitting expenses for cement , results in roads and highways being dangerous and sometimes simply washed away when India's heavy monsoon season .
Hence , thousands of people & kids get injured or get killed when structures collapse due to poor construction .
The second problem in India is the political parties .
There are too many political parties for different states in India .
There is no one strong voice to lead the country in the right path .
In July 2008 Washington Times reported that nearly a fourth of the 540 Indian Parliament members faced criminal charges .
At state level , things were even worse (Wikipedia , n .d .) .For example , in Utlar Pradesh Assembly election in 2002 , candidates with criminal records won the majority of seats (Wikipedia , n .d .) .
When the ruling party comes up with an innovative idea to improve the living standard of the people , the opposite party will come up with statements that will oppose their plan .
For example , water shortage is a huge problem in many parts in India .
Karnataka state does not let their river to flow into Tamil Nadu .
The political party in the both states does not have good understanding with each other .
The effects of the problem are mostly on the people .
When the political parties in Karnataka & Tamil Nadu does not come up with plans to solve the water issue , the public starts riot to solve their water demands .
When there is a riot , the normal routing life of the public are affected .
Innocent people & children get hurt in the riots and even die .
Engineers cannot carry on with their water projects to solve the problem because different political parties have different views & comments on the projects .
Hence , engineers are unable to continue their work .
In conclusion , the political corruption & political parties' problems in India are highly affecting the work of an engineer .
When an engineer works hard to create an innovative or creative design projects , their works are delayed or rejected due to political corruption & misunderstanding between political parties .
The dream of an engineer is destroyed as there is no one voice to lead the country .
Engineers cannot provide good services to the public when corruption is involved .
Innocent people get affected by these problems too .
The public cannot get better living standard because of political corruption & political parties as they stop the engineer's projects & ideas for better living lifestyle .
To solve these problems , India has to form a good & strong politics .
The current political parties are mostly occupied by senior citizens & uneducated members .
Young & educated members should join the politics to lend the country in the right path .
In that way , most of the engineer's hard work & innovative ideas will be fulfilled .
Engineering design is the process of an attempt to improve the current system by analysing the needs of users , researching , finding solutions and presenting the final product (Wikipedia , n .d . , para 1) .
However , the engineering design processes for innovation might be hampered because of different problems that are faced during different phases of the process .
Some of these problems are great enough to result in a failure as a whole .
We shall discuss two of the problems and their subsequent impact on engineering design in the next few paragraphs .
The disapproval of ideas due to fiscal reasons is one of the problems .
The primary objective of having a business is to earn profit .
Therefore , if a given idea is not believed to produce substantial earnings , the management of the profit driven companies would tend not to approve it as the funds could be channelled to some other more profitable ideas .
Hence , the development of the idea will be stuck at the research stage as resources such as manpower , raw materials and financial support are not allocated .
If the engineer is passionate enough , he might be able to implement the idea using his own time and expenses .
However , this would also mean that the duration of the implementation will be increased relative to one with sufficient support from the management .
One such example would be how Tetsuya Mizoguchi , a brilliant engineer in the 1980s , managed to see through his idea of compacting a desktop sized personal computer into in the form of a laptop which was highly condemned by his management (Rogers , 2003) .
Even with the support from the management , the amount of funding allocated is limited by its assigned budget .
There are certain constrains given the limited budget .
In addition , the company will also expect the engineer to show some tangible results for them to continue funding the project .
However cost , time and speed are related .
Therefore to be able to show some achievement , the speed of research would need to increase thereby increasing the total cost incurred .
With the significantly increased cost , less people would support the idea of continuing the research .
Hence , we are now trapped in a catch-22 situation where faster results would mean more cost and more cost would mean less support .
The engineering design process would then be stranded at the research stage if the support garnered is insufficient to justify its funding .
In conclusion , the problems that pose the largest threat to the engineering design process would be the disapproval of ideas due to fiscal reasons and also the need for quick results for proper funding to take place .
The latter is a more challenging problem as it not as straight forward to solve as the former .
According to Mr . Il Houng Lee , representative of International Monetary Fund (IMF) organization in Viet Nam (December , 2008) "To reach Singapore pace of growth , Viet Nam will need 158 years more"( Tri Duong , GeographyIQ , cited in PHP news in Viet Nam 2008 , para .1) .
That affirmation had caused a tumult in public opinion and forced each Vietnamese people to question "Why was our country growing in such a slow pace like that while possessing plentiful resources and abundant young labour ?"
From my point of view , the main and deep causes are the outdated system of education and the insufficiency in governmental management , which not only affect Viet Nam growth in general but in fact , to be more specifically , hamper its key , the engineering design processes for innovations .
Firstly , the problem of the system of education has always been  an obstacle for many aspects , especially in Engineering where creativity and innovation should be privileged , where the personal and original opinion should be highly respected , that is why we have to analyze to its core .
In Viet Nam , the traditional ways of teaching and learning which are still currently applied in every establishments are too passive: teachers read out loud or write on the board and students copy , all information must be memorized exactly the same in the manuals , the syllabus for teachers must be 100% respected , etc , . . . thus there are no creative ideas , no new thing to teach , no spontaneous students and no active classes where personal opinions could be freely express .
Therefore , real engineers hardly glow from that kind of environment .
So how can this outdated system still survive until this moment ?
Whose fault is it ?
Many scholars when analyzing and criticizing the weakness and lag of the current system of education often compare or justify by saying: "In the past , our time were this .were that .
but now  . . . " however they forget that comparison has already become outdated"(Vietnamnet , 29/09/2008) .Now we know , the whole system has been outdated from the past to the present , because of that mind set , no one seems to like the idea of changing , no innovations could slip in that traditional-so-called system of education .
If we only change the educational system , it is not sufficient enough to solve the growth retardation in technical design and innovations of Viet Nam .
Indeed , the slow development in engineering design process of Viet Nam is also seriously affected by the weak management of government .
Although Viet Nam is rich in natural resources but its government does not have suitable methods to impulse the development of business and economy .
For instance , the strategy of Viet Nam to attract the investment from foreign and local companies is not really effective .
According to a statistics of World Bank (WB) organization on "Doing business in 2010" , Viet Nam has dropped down two levels due to the complicated procedure of export and import duties , in which it costs too much time to complete the whole formalities (Tri Duong , GeographyIQ , cited in PHP news in Viet Nam 2009 , para .9) .
Besides , the statistics show no reduction in the number of times a company in Viet Nam has to pay taxes , which can reach up to 32 times per year (Tri Duong , GeographyIQ , cited in PHP news in Viet Nam 2009 , para .10) .
The complication in the official procedure causes the hesitance of investors , and it subsequently affects the development of design process and innovations of engineers , who need investment to execute their projects .
In addition , the weakness in governmental management is also reflected in the brain-drain problem of Viet Nam .
This problem has happened for a long time due to the lack of investment of Government in young-manpower .
From a website discussion on the quality of education in Singapore , Vietnamese students studying in NUS insisted "Innovation and creativity of young human resources has made Singapore become a very strong country in both commerce and technology; Singapore always consider attracting the talent manpower as top priority , while government of Viet Nam does not focus on encouraging creativity and intelligence to speed up the development of whole country" (Doan Xuan Loc , BBC Viet Nam , 2009 , part 3) .
Therefore , developing innovation and creativity in young manpower is also the main factor which affects the design process of engineering .
From all the analyses above , we can see through the direct causes which influence the engineering design processes and innovations are the weakness in the administration of education system and governmental structure .
As a Vietnamese student who is studying abroad and receiving the advanced education of Singapore , I myself realize that for Viet Nam to be able to catch up the World's developing pace , we must find a wise way to reform and improve considerately also uniformly in every domain .
The privileged goal is to renovate the system of education and government; because these are the essential elements which can help Viet Nam achieving certain breakthroughs in science-technology , from that found a powerful and prosperous country .
There is a common catch phrase in the Singapore educational system - think out of the box .
Essentially the concept of 'thinking out of the box' revolves around the idea of innovativeness .
Some people find it difficult to do so and interestingly enough , they even take courses to learn to be creative .
Little do these people know that they are already embedded with this ability ever since they were born .
Indeed , we unknowingly use our innovativeness to fill ourselves with excuses for doing or not doing something .
In engineering context , engineers use their creativity to create new products and according to Khandani (2005) , "What distinguishes engineers from painters , poets , or sculptors is that engineers apply their creative energies to producing products or systems that meet human needs .
This creative act is called design ."
Nevertheless it is often easier said than done , as there are always factors hampering creativity .
Once such obstacles are overcome , it becomes easier for one to innovate .
The first problem that a prospective innovator will face is actually his ability to accept failure positively .
This is because the process of creating a new product often requires the innovator to continuously modifying it .
It also implies that an engineering design often requires many failed attempts before a breakthrough is obtained .
In the process of doing so , the innovator may at times , needs to challenge the conventional way of doing things in order to obtain a new approach in solving a problem .
As such , some risks need to be taken .
Unfortunately in Singapore , many of us do not have this mindset in the first place .
Probably due to the fact that we are overly result orientated that we do not like the idea of risk taking .
Risk taking is often seen as undesirable as it does not guarantee a result that we expect it to be .
A successful inventor will at some point of time , take some calculated risk to make their idea a reality and if every risk is minimized , it may not be possible to do so .
For instance , the Wright Brothers risk their reputation to fly the world's first aircraft .
If they were to think like a Singaporean , it would be unlikely that we have the airbus flying in our skies .
The result of being so negative about risk taking is that many plausible ideas may not have taken flight .
As such , the chances of getting another Singaporean innovator like Sim Wong Hoo , is low .
This does not borne well especially when our economy is heading towards being knowledge based .
Hence if we were to change our attitude towards innovation and risk taking , perhaps , we might see a new technology conglomerate originating from Singapore someday .
Another obstacle that potential innovators will face is the process of identifying underlying problems they might face even before embarking on their project .
Many people often focus their attention on the product itself but failed to look at other issues like cost management , marketing , product's aesthtic and safety requirements .
These problems are related to each other and neglecting them will lead to the possible failure of the product as a whole .
For example , although the raincoat is more effective than umbrella in protecting people from rain , many adults still refuse to use raincoat due to its poor aesthtic .
This further illustrates that in order for a product to be successful , innovators need to pay attention to other factors as well .
In Singapore , many of the people tend to frown at problems and justify their actions in the form in complaints .
In doing so , they are not being objective in resolving the problem instead; they are trying to give themselves a false sense of disillusion that the problem is caused by others .
While there may be some truth in it , it just goes to show that Singaporeans place their priority in shifting the blame to others before identifying theirs .
This does not meant well for any new Singaporean innovator seeking to engineer a new product design .
By shifting the blame on external factors , the underlying problems will never be resolved .
Therefore , in order to be prepared in all aspect , innovators need to be alert to all possible problems he might face .
In conclusion , it is clear that there are many factors that will hamper engineering design process for innovation .
More often than not , many people succumbed to these obstacles and never had the chance to realize their ideas .
Ultimately it boils down to the amount of planning that an innovator does .
The more work he does in anticipating problems , the less he will encounter .
After all , people who fail to plan , plan to fail .
Undoubtedly , China has emerged as the world's technological and industrial giant in the last two decades .
Engineering professionals and scientists have definitely contributed significantly to the country's advancement .
Even though the country recognises the importance of such progress , there are still some problems that significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
Firstly , the rigid education system in China is one of the main obstacles which hinder engineering innovations .
Education is one of the crucial factors which determine a country's might .
The education system in every country plays a key role in moulding the future of the country .
The rigid education system in most parts of China , however , places more emphasis on books and academic results , rather than promoting creativity in the classrooms .
There are millions of students in the country and it is therefore very competitive to stand out among all .
Perhaps , the only best way to distinguish one is through a series of examinations .
Due to such reason , there is simply no room for creativity and innovation in the class .
Students or rather the young generations grow up with the mindset that achieving excellent results is much more important than being innovative .
As a result , without promoting and inculcating the significance of being creative , engineering design processes will be  hampered from the beginning  .
In addition , raising enough funds for engineering design purposes has always been a problem .
Even if  passionate engineers get together and plan to launch a project , it is very difficult to get sponsorship .
Most of the time , the designing processes may require sophisticated equipments and materials which may not be easily available within the country .
Sometimes , the engineers have to import the necessary resources overseas .
If the project would be carried out over a few years , the funds would be running low very fast .
Therefore , the engineering design processes may most likely end half way due to the lack of funding .
Moreover , there is  lack of role models for young engineers in China .
The country has just started her technological and industrial progress in the recent decades .
Unlike the US and the European countries , China does not have a long historical record of her own engineering precedence .
For example , China has become the one of the largest semiconductor industry in the world .
However , those semiconductors are still not as good as those in Silicon Valley .
A group of computer engineers created the powerful search engine Baidu which is another modification of Google .
Thus , there is a lack of the originality of the idea during the designing processes .
Finally , the country has vast land size with the world's largest population size .
This means that it is rather difficult to have a centralised authority to control and regulate private engineering design sectors .
As a result , intellectual property has become a sensitive issue in China .
In fact , China even has a poor reputation for protecting intellectual property .
This has in turn discouraged engineers , both local and international , to conduct any research or experiment in the country .
Moreover , the issue of intellectual property even dismay many foreign investors to provide sponsorship for engineering design in China .
Therefore , the external factors may also undermine the engineering design processes .
All in all , although there has been significant progress within China as a whole , there are in fact many problems that hamper engineering design processes .
If some of these obstacles can be solved or overcome , the country would benefit even more significantly due to the contributions from the engineering design sector .
Many people usually consider Singapore as a hub for Engineering and Innovation .
We have a strong economy , a stable social system , as well as a relatively uncorrupted government .
Moreover , Singapore's ongoing push for a "Knowledge Based Economy" (KBE) to "sustain growth and help keep Singapore competitive1" (Timothy Ouyang 2008) allows us to be the forerunners in today's demand for design and engineering .
Even so , we still cannot assume that Singapore is the ideal place for Engineering and Innovation .
We know that no country is perfect , and no country can fully adhere to the Engineering Design Processes that Khandani has postulated in his article "Engineering Design Processes" .
Khandani states that the five major processes are: "Defining the problem" , "Gathering information" , "Generate multiple solutions" , "Analyze and select a solution" , and finally "Test and implement solution2" (Khandani 2005) .
Although Singapore has the means to encompass these above processes to produce innovative design , certain problems arise to hamper our design processes .
Two of the biggest problems lie in our lack of experience , as well as our cultural mindsets .
These two problems are interlinked , and they hamper the above five Engineering Design Process in many ways .
The first problem , is , would be our lack of experience and development in engineering and innovation .
Although Singapore is a developed nation with a developed education system and economy , our development is very recent in comparison to Europe and the United States .
Thirty years ago , our industry was still predominantly based on manufacturing .
The engineering sector only took off in the 1990s , along with the initial conceptualization for the KBE .
Therefore , although our students in colleges , polytechnics and universities are equipped with critical thinking skills for design invention and innovation , we do not have any experience and still remain as 'Engineers on paper' .
True knowledge is epistemic and empirical in nature; and according to Khandani , expertise in the Engineering Design Process requires an iterative critical inquiry on practical problems and solutions (paraphrased from Khandani 2005) .
Indeed , Singapore recognizes this problem , and is currently focusing on further development in the Research and Development sector .
Also , our leaders encourage creativity and entrepreneurship in our people .
Yet , this ideal will not be realized for the time being .
And in the meantime , our lack of experience and development in engineering and innovation continues to pose a problem for aspiring engineers , as well as design processes for innovations .
Why is the ideal for practical development not going to be realized in the near future ?
A very plausible reason would be due to the Social mindset of Singaporeans , and it is also this very factor that hampers the Engineering Design Process for Innovations .
As Singapore is an Asian country , many Singaporeans tend to adopt Asian values and mindsets- which advocate adhering to social norms and not go against convention or 'the textbook' .
Also , the value of family before self results in many Singaporeans not wanting to risk themselves for a breakthrough in personal achievement .
Fuelled by the recent economic crises , many Singaporeans prefer to 'play it safe'- to stick to stable , routine and high paying jobs; than to get creative , take risks and be curious of the unknown .
It is from this reason we have the aphorism: 'stick to the iron-rice-bowl' .
While such mindsets ensure a relatively stable life for us and our families , they promote contentment and impede self-improvement .
We know that the Engineering Design Process requires the continuous process of construction and tearing down of existing schemas .
To do so requires great flexibility of mind , as well as a certain zest for personal breakthrough and risk taking .
It is in this respect our mindsets greatly impede on the philosophy of Engineering , and hence pose a problem on the designing process for innovations .
Now , we know that the Engineering Design Process in essence produces the ideal methods of inquiry and processing into any engineering design .
But with our lack of empirical knowledge , added on to our fixed cultural mindsets , such processes cannot be holistically considered .
For a start , our mindset fixation adversely hampers our ability to "Define the problem"- the first step of the engineering process .
Our unwillingness to seek for problems in life leads to an inability to recognise a potential improvement when it comes .
Also , the second process of "Generate Multiple Solutions" is affected .
The value of 'going by the book' may render us so accustomed to stick to the fail-safe solution we learn from textbooks we do not want to write books anymore .
This problem can be seen from the way our students consider education .
To the Singaporean student , education is primarily aimed for the passing of examinations and to acquire a job , rather than to join ranks of our leading Engineers in development and innovation .
If we were to persist with such static frames of mind , then we can never breakthrough our existing achievements; be it through innovation and Engineering via the Engineering Design Process , or even by any other way .
Moreover , our lack of establishment in engineering research and development may pose further problems to the Engineering Design Process .
Professor Seah has given a classical analogy of this issue when he narrates his personal endeavours to design the NUS car .
According to him , one of the greatest problems the NUS team encountered during the design process was the inability to seek advice from experienced people on how to build a car; due to the absence of an existing car industry in Singapore .
"Testing and implementation" would hence be based on trial and error , and the pool of knowledge we base our future innovations upon is greatly limited to foreign talent and textbooks .
We would be unable to "Gather Information" effectively , as well as select the right solution to our problems if we were to encounter any .
We have seen how the problems of our lack of experience and expertise , coupled with our static mindsets , can affect multiple stages of the Engineering Design Process for Innovations , and ultimately innovation itself .
Unless we strive to break our existing conservative mindsets- to be inquisitive in mind and daring in heart as our government calls for; then can we bring to life the true knowledge of engineering .
We would then be able to impart the full knowledge of engineering to our future generations: the experience , mindset and example of true engineering philosophy .
In Singapore , there are various problems that may significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
These problems comprise  , insufficient funds , insufficient resources , design may not be aesthetically pleasing to be selected and copyright infringement .
Of these four identified problems , I will highlight two of them and the effects that they had on certain stages of the process .
Insufficient funds and resources are two problems that may significantly hinder engineering design processes for innovations .
The completion of the process might be slowed down due to financial constraint and the parties involved in the engineering design process might have to seek financial help .
For example , in the case of the Marina Bay Sands Integrated Resort , the engineering processes were affected due to financial constraint .
According to Channelnewsasia(19 November 2008) , it was reported that the shares for Las Vega Sands Corporation have lost an astonishing of more than 90% in a year , and it was US$8 .8 billion (S$13b)in debt .
As a result , many feared that Las Vega Sands Corporation might go bankrupt .
Therefore , the opening of the Marina Sands Integrated Resort had to be delayed .
The above example was an illustration of lack of sufficient funds to keep the innovation design going .
The lackof funds can lead to the disruption of the progress of an engineering design process .
The engineering design process will be disturbed when there is not enough money to buy relevant resources required .
Insufficient funds may not allow the engineering design process to proceed .
For example , the innovation design of the race car from National University of Singapore may not have been so successful without sufficient financial support from the school .
Therefore , shortage of funds and financial help may hinder to the progress of the engineering process , as in the case of , the Marina Sands Integrated Resort and also prevent an engineering process to begin , as in the race car example .
Another problem that might hamper engineering design processes for innovations would be insufficient resources .
Insufficient resources would mean , not having enough raw materials or materials needed for the engineering innovation design process .
Resources need not be mainly on materials , but also manpower or labour .
For example , in the case of the Marina Bay Sands Integrated Resort , there was a shortage of materials such as sand and steel .
There was sand ban on sand exports and contractors could not get sand that was needed from the fabrication of concrete .
Secondly , there was a lack of manpower and the construction process was slowed down as a result .
These two main factors , lacking in manpower and materials had hindered to the progress of the engineering design process .
In conclusion , as illustrated in the case of the marina sands integrated resort and the engineering innovation design of the race car , we can see that lacking in funds and resources are two obstacles that engineers had to consider .
The impact that each problems had , can affect gravely on the progress of the engineering innovative design and they should be well- planned .
During innovation development process , there are two groups of people; they are technologicallydeterministic and socially deterministic .
Which one should we accept ?
The development of telephone tells us that it was socially was determined rather than society being technologically determined .
Firstly , the most obvious change we can see is the size of the mobile phone .
Since the first generation phone which was invented in 1973 until now , the weight of the phone from 1kg was greatly reduced to the lightest mobile phone of merely 40g .
This tremendous change is due to the population demand; the mini sized phone is so much more convenient compared to the 1kg phone .
It is so light and small that we sometimes , even forget that we are actually carrying one .
Following that the world is becoming more and more of an intensive developing cyber-epoch and global village is also seeing a faster pace of life .
The people claim that modern life is facing enormous time-constraint .
A lot of people even work 24-7 .
So the internet surfing on the mobile phone was invented .
You can surf internet anytime and anywhere as long as connection is available .
So now you can even work even on the way home !
A new innovation is the GPS on the mobile phone .
This function served many purpose , example , family members can now know whereabouts of their disability family members when they are lost .
For user who likes to go hiking , they can even navigate their direction in the wild .
And of course , during an emergency , paramedic personnel and rescue people can locate their victim more easily and accurately , thus saving precious time .
Lastly , the whole world is facing the proliferation of aging population in this contemporary world , so caring for old people is many developed countries' top social priority .
This leads to the invention of the big button cell phone .
The big button phone designed with big numbers and bright text is most welcome by many of our elderly friends .
It is quite similar to the normal desktop phone , but big button telephones that are special designed for the elderly population make sure it is simple to use and safe .
The design is also carefully thought of so as not to confuse or annoy the users , like leaving out any unnecessary features .
There is even a button for emergency call , users can simply press that special button when anything happen .
In conclusion , the idea of having a small size phone and internet came from the social people , and the GPS function and big button telephone is the idea which are proposed by the government .
The telephone is definitely both a big business and a successful technology story which and the society definitely played a big part in it .
Technology cannot change society , only the society can choose how the technology develops in a feasible way .
Engineering design process may be defined as the process where engineers apply their creative thinking to produce products or systems that meet human needs .
In the process of engineering design for innovation , there is no doubt that a lot of problems and difficulties will be faced .
Although there are problems and obstacles , the development in engineering design for innovations is crucial and essential .
My home country , Malaysia , also try to develop it but several problems are met .
Among these problems , the two major problems are financial problems and technical problems .
First and foremost , money plays an important part in the development of engineering design process .
Malaysia is still a developing country from every aspect and the finance of Malaysia is not robust enough to make a significant leap in the development of engineering design .
From the last few decades till now , many countries include Malaysia have been facing financial crisis and economic storm .
As a result , The Federal Government of Malaysia tends to emphasizes more on economic progression and development but only little attention is given to the development of engineering design .
Without adequate amount of capital , development of engineering design becomes very difficult and inefficient .
Advanced technologies used in foreign country cannot be introduced into Malaysia because of insufficient capital .
Maintaining and repairing the high-technology machines and devices require high costs , too .
Furthermore , talented people are hard to be attracted as there is no good working environment and no sufficient capital for those skilled people to carry out their researches .
Moreover , it costs a lot to build a modern working environment and high-tech facilities .
The next problem is technical problem .
Malaysia has not reached the high-technology level to design an engineering product and there is no working environment culture for engineering design .
There are too few technicians or people who are specialized in engineering design .
The education  system in Malaysia shows too little concern for the engineering design academia .
People lack  knowledge and information in engineering design , thus they are not able to deal with current and future practical problems .
Also , technologies in Malaysia still need improvement , as most of the technologies are introduced from foreign countries .
The facilities for experiment and researches have not met the basic level of performing .
The lack of technical skills has brought much effect on the development of engineering design in Malaysia .
On one hand , the facilities and devices used are not excellent enough to perform good experiments , resulting in inaccurate results with more errors .
On the other hand , Malaysia lacks  skillful labor and this has resulted in an inefficient production of creative innovations .
Both low accuracy experiment results and inefficient production cannot be solved easily .
These technical problems have caused slow progression of development of engineering design .
To sum up , financial problems and technical problems have significantly hampered the development of engineering design process .
Although there are still obstacles and problems exist upon the road of development of engineering design , I do believe that my home country , Malaysia , can overcome them as time passes .
With the world's population increasing , it is expected that there will be a growing demand for food .
Hence , one current human need that should be given priority is to have sufficient food for the world population because we all do not wish to be in the Malthusian trap of over-population .
According to Khandani (2005) , engineering design processes can meet this need through the systematic application of the five main steps: defining the problem , gathering relevant information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing a solution and lastly , testing and implementing the solution .
The first step of defining the problem by identifying and establishing the need , ensures that we have chosen a 'real' need and not a 'perceived' need to work on .
Indeed , having sufficient food is a 'real' need because we have seen how Thomas Malthus's ghost stalks many of the poverty-stricken areas such as Ethiopia , Somalia and Niger where starvation due to famine has led to the loss of many lives .
More importantly , this step reminds us that we are addressing the 'real' need of having sufficient food for basic sustenance which deserves more attention and not the 'perceived' need of having food for relaxation , personal fulfillment or interest .
The next  step of defining the problem involves developing a problem statement which allows us to specifically address and successfully meet the need to have sufficient food .
In this case , it would be to increase food production by designing a crop that is able to withstand adverse environmental conditions so that more land can be used to grow crops and a crop that can be harvested all year round so that the amount of food produced is not limited by seasons .
The crop designed must be low cost so that even farmers living in poverty can also afford to buy the seeds of the crop .
Moreover , the crop should not rely heavily on the application of chemical fertilizers and pesticides in order to grow well as this will have detrimental effects on the environment .
The next step of engineering design process-gathering relevant information enables us to be aware of the types of crops currently being manufactured and used , from which we can assess their effectiveness and improve on the current crops used .
Information regarding current research efforts on crops development can also provide us with an invaluable insight .
We can also utilize our creativity to generate alternatives to meet the need to have sufficient food such as devising new irrigation methods or new ways to make barren land fertile again .
Furthermore , analysis of the design also makes sure that the design can really work and people are willing to use the design .
For example , we can test the feasibility of the design by first implementing it in a small field and see whether the crop designed actually matures faster .
We can also carry out market surveys or make industrial visits to obtain people's responses and opinions on the design which we can take into considerations when improving on the design .
All these will help us to make an informed decision whether to implement the design on a larger scale .
In conclusion , through engineering design process , we ensure that only 'real' need is being addressed , relevant information is gathered to serve as a basis to generate multiple solutions and the design is analyzed thoroughly before it is implemented to meet the need of have sufficient food .
What determines a technology to be good or bad ?
Well , technologies are there to supposedly to improve our way of life .
We assume technologies are constantly changing for the better .
However , this may not always be true .
A technology that looks seemingly practical and useful to our everyday lives may not function well in the society .
In other words , technology is a product of the society .
It may be technically sound but may not be well received by the end users .
We have to understand that technologies not only have to be shaped around technical factors but also around social and economical ones .
One important technology that was shaped as such was the electric refrigerator .
Electric refrigerators have been competing with gas refrigerators that are technologically better and have overwhelming advantages .
These gas refrigerators are quieter and have no moving parts and thus tend to last longer than electric refrigerators .
So why do electric refrigerators still manage to spot better sales in the market ?
Firstly , the constant adoption of electric refrigerators was greatly influenced by economic factors .
According to an article on diffusion of innovations by Rogers E .M . , large companies like General Electric and General Motors had an economic advantage over smaller companies that produce gas refrigerators .
For example , Kelvinator , a large electric refrigerator production company had a budget that was 33 times more than the Common Sense Company , which was a smaller gas refrigerator production company .
As a result , these larger companies can afford to pour huge amounts of funding into electric refrigerators as they had earlier decided that larger profits could be made from them .
Moreover , with economic advantage , these larger companies can afford to spend a huge sum of money to intensively promote their electric refrigerators to gain better advertising .
Smaller companies were unable to match these giants and thus remained stagnant .
With the lack of advertising , their products were poorly accepted in the market .
Besides companies are  influenced by potential profitability and having gained access to better funding , social factors also play a part .
Better advertising by larger companies has led consumers to believe that electric refrigerators are still the product of choice .
This is an example of how larger companies socially shaped the product .
In addition , consumers also have an issue with gas refrigerators .
Most gas refrigerators use ammonia as coolants .
These coolants are not used by electric refrigerators .
Consumers did not like the idea of storing their food products in gas refrigerators as they thought the harmful coolant might contaminate their food .
As a result , gas refrigerators were not favourable among consumers and that led to an increase in sales of electric refrigerators instead .
The battle between these two types of refrigerators is still happening today with electric refrigerators having a competitive edge over the other .
In conclusion , companies and even individuals have economically and socially shaped electric refrigerators , making them a preferred product over technologically better gas refrigerators .
In this new era of globalization , we must not deny the importance of implementation of design in the engineering problem solving processes .
These two are strongly related and without a designing mind , engineers definitely can not solve a problem based on engineering knowledge .
In fact , engineers are taught to consider engineering design during their tertiary education .
Nowadays , people have a misconception that design is just simply the planning that lays the physical shape and pattern of every object or system .
But the truth is that engineering design is the decision-making process , in which the basic sciences , mathematics , and engineering sciences are applied to converge resources optimally to meet a stated objective .
For instance , in designing a car , internal combustion engines are specifically configured to work optimally and therefore the design of components such as cooling system and piston engine valves should be taken into consideration .
However , in our very own country , Malaysia , some problems have arisen  which significantly hamper the engineering design processes for innovation and these have resulted in severe impact on certain stages of the process .
The most common factor which contributes to the failing of the process is the insufficient fund provided to complete the whole process  the process includes the definition of problems , narrowing of research , finding of several alternative solutions , determination of the most possible solution and lastly the making of the decision .
If no fund is provided , such a process  can not be completed .
This can be explained because in order to determine the most possible solution in engineering design process , we have to conduct many experiments and these experiments require materials for which money must be injected into the project .
For example , over in Malaysia , we have our own national car corporation , which is known as Proton .
However the selling of their cars simply could not overtake the sales of other imported cars such as Honda and Mitshibitsu .
This is simply due to the fact that it is not efficient and well designed enough to compete among all cars , which is the cruel truth that is recognised by every Malaysian .
This is based on  the fact it reflects the insufficient investment by Proton's shareholder in Malaysia compared to total equity owned by big corporation .
With the money big corporations possess , they are able to conduct Research and Development of their own product and at last launch  the product which is efficient and generates greater revenue compared to other smaller competitors .
Another root problem that hampers engineering design process is the lack of education for engineers about engineering design knowledge during their tertiary education .
Universities play an undoubtedly significant role to educate future engineers to execute engineering design process in future while at work .
Unfortunately in Malaysia , design-centric knowledge is not given much emphasis .
Knowledge taught during lecture is not enough to develop students to think creatively and determine alternative solutions from problems that  arise .
Furthermore there is none or simply only a few research laboratories that are set up on campus to encourage undergraduates to determine  during experiment .
Therefore exposure to definition of problems is not extensive enough to allow students to find other possible problems by themselves .
In conclusion , the engineering design process  is important to meet complex challenges in the world such as global warming and all types of pollution .
Fund must be injected into projects in order to execute the process .
Lastly , the education system  must be reviewed in order to solve such challenges and bring us a new generation of engineers who are able to devise innovations guided by the perspectives of a true designer .
China has been developing very fast these years .
Along with the expansion of industry and the growth of national economic strength .
Chinese entrepreneurs have gradually abandoned the mass-but-cheap production mode .
On the other hand , they swicth their attention to production mode which involves much technological innovation .
However , there are still numerous factors years , along the innovation of engineering design in my country .
For example , the lack of fund and talents .
But , I would like to unveil two essential factors , which are the Instead , of sthave switchedn entrepreneurs and the lack of intellectual property protection .
Regarding to the first problem , it is of high importance that we investigate the background of leaders in state-run entrepreneurs .
The leaders are directly appointed by central government .
Interestingly , the criteria is not about how well marketing experience or managerial ability the person has .
It is about whether the person is loyal to the government .
Thus , many importance positions in an entrepreneur belong to government officers , which as a result , makes the entrepreneur like government .
The bureaucratic style in a company will create rigidity during the process of management and production .
In this way , innovation of engineering design will be affected .
In addition to the problem of leadership in state-run entrepreneurs , the problem created by the monopolistic status of state-run entrepreneurs also can not be neglected .
As far as I am concerned , monopolism is prevailed among state-run companies .
Many of them fully control a certain type of resource .
In this way , they are not subject to fierce competition in a markect .
As a result , many state-run companies do not have incentive mechanism or the mechanism of selection through competition .
The consequence is that a large number of the employees treats theirs jobs as "iron rice bowl" , which means a job is secure .
There is no worry for being kicked out due to laziness .
In this way , the whole company corrupts and becomes obsolete .
hard workregisteredofIn conclusion , the factors that hamper the innovation of eneraising design come from both inside and ouside of the entrepreneurs in China .
From the inside , we need to change the criteria of leadership appointment and raise the awareness of protecting intellectual properties .
Similarly , from the outside , China has to create a competie environment and a legal system which helps innovation of engineering design prosper .
The development of technologies may be viewed differently .
Traditional analysis of technology has been looking at the past to analyze the present .
The social science system approach challenges the way we look at technology .
It suggests that acceptance of a new technology depends not only on the technical factors but also on the economic , political and social ones .
We have to understand the system as a whole and not look only at one aspect of the system to try to understand it .
In the past ,  solar energy was not readily accepted because of its technical challenges such as , weight of the integrated chip , expensive research , lack of technology know how , shortage of device as some devices had to be imported .
However , it is safer , cleaner and considered more environment friendly .
With the increase of oil prices , there are many technologies that have been created  to solve the climbing of black gold .
There is a need to look for alternative resources .
The discovery and the development of solar technology have become an agenda in most countries .
Governments have been encouraging and giving away incentives to companies to develop the alternative energy efficient products like solar technology .
However , when the oil prices drop , governments and companies slowly stop to pursue the alternative as they can continue their business with cheaper oil .
With cheaper oil , companies reduce research funding for innovation and development .
Economic challenges have moved the shift from solar technology to the cost of building it .
Companies have  been trying to get the market share by pricing their solar cell at an extremely low price .
In order to survive , another company cuts their price for the same technology product .
In the cut throat competition , less revenue is generated and less funding is chanelled to  research .
This will slow the development of solar technology and the innovation of it .
In addition , some companies have created solar technology advancement on military weapons and are working greatly with the governments .
This technology are for military demand and do not bring any improvement to life .
Instead , it is used to destroy human and bring misery to certain people .
Technology is the product of negotiation and compromise .
Social and political decisions play a part in determining the technology .
Most of the technology failure is not because of technical problems , but because it is not accepted by the consumers .
In the context of technology , most innovations and inventions are shaped without aiming at addressing a specific or general social issue .
However , there are exceptions .
One of the best known socially shaped inventions is Trevor Baylis's wind-up radio , which was initially designed for communicating information about AIDS to people in Africa .
Apart from the major social issue , there were several other factors including economical problem and technical problem , which also contributed to the final prototype of the mass production on the assembly line .
The wind-up radio was intended to halt the spread of the mortal epidemic AIDS by education and information sent by broadcasts .
AIDS is the most horrible disease that spreads across the continent of Africa , affecting millions of people , most of who are undereducated and still struggling below poverty line .
After a series of surveys and researches , abstinence , fidelity , promotion of condom use and risk perception were identified as the most significant issues concerning the prevention of AIDS .
One step further , BBC , later with other African local radio companies , launched many HIV and AIDS public service announcements in English , French and other African native languages to educate people about AIDS .
At that point , Trevor Baylis came up with the idea of wind-up radio , making idea of broadcasting education possible .
Putting aside the original social objective andeconomicl constraints , designing the wind-up radiobroadcastinguired to solve severUnlikeethe situation in other continents  .
First , the charging up process should be stable enough to avoid damage to the components of the radio .
Second , the output current must be very stable and enduring for avoiding distortion of theto be pluggeds .
Last but not least , the charging-up process should be efficient .
Unless the charging-up process can be done within seconds , the annoying process of charging up would finally hinder users from frequent use .
In Singapore , there are actually many issues to consider for an engineer in the engineering design processes for innovations .
The two issues I feel are the most important are  economic and technical challenges .
Economic challenges will affect the process of engineering design because we need to consider the financial status for the majority of the people .
The products being made must not be too expensive .
Otherwise , people will tend to think twice before they decide to purchase the products .
The economic downturn also prevents consumers from buying things that they think are not essential .
The manufacturing industry suffers the most from this recession .
Due to the financial constraint , consumers will go towards buying pirated products instead of purchasing the original .
This causes a decrease in demand for it .
They do not mind the products  not being able to perform as well as the original .
To them , it is worth it since it is cheaper .
Even if consumers do not go for pirated products , they will still go for second hand products .
This is because the products are still usable despite some minor wear and tear .
The budget given by the company may cause engineers to think of ways to cut down costs in the production so as to gain extra profits for the company .
As a result , the products may not last long enough and they have to be changed  quite regularly .
.
It must be useful to the majority of the consumers .
We must also cater to the needs of the different age groups .
It must also provide comfort and convenience to the people .
For example , hand phones , computers , mp3 and cameras have made communication between people in a distance easier simply just by a click or a press of the button .
Information and data can be transmitted easily by the use of the Internet .
This was definitely not possible in the past .
Engineers also need to consider whether the consumers will be able to accept the products being designed .
They also need to consider the commercialization of the products .
This is because the way of commercializing will affect the sales of it .
As a result , engineers will be forced to come up with the modification of the products in a short period of time .
This will cause the products to be less effective because there is a lack of testing .
Although the gadgets have included more functions , it is less durable .
For example , hand phones nowadays are prone to damage when it is accidentally dropped on the floor .
In conclusion , Engineers need to understand the issues that are not related to engineering profession directly but will affect them in the production process .
That is why engineers need to think beyond their job scope .
"{Great innovators and original thinkers and artists attract the wrath of mediocrities as lightning}[HYPERLINK: http://thinkexist .com/quotation/great_innovators_and_original_thinkers_and/160905 .html] ."
Nowadays , the ability of engineering designing not only determines one's own future but also a nation's power , wealth , and influence .
However , in my home country , China , engineering design process for innovations are always stifled by political , social , and economic reasons .
Firstly , in China , the designing and innovating processes are always hampered by some political factors .
And these factors always result in some management problems .
In China , nearly all the research institutes and universities are state-owned and controlled by the ruling communist party .
Therefore , it is difficult for academic institutes to escape from acting like a government department .
For instance , the head of research groups and the presidents of universities are all assigned by their superiors in the party .
So in the selectionprocess , the academic achievement of candidate is not the priority to be considered but their loyalty to the party .
Therefore , in some institutes , the head tends to know nothing or have little knowledge of the field which he is in charge of , which will certainly misguide the research directions and disturb the atmosphere of researching and studying .
Further , the rules of regulating institutes are mandated in a dogmatic and  way .
All the boffins are required to attain some academic targets per year .
For example , they need to apply and get a project of a certain amount of money per year , or a certain number of  essays they should publish in public scientific journals , and so on .
If they cannot meet the requirements , they will not get promoted or get enough salary they are supposed to get .
However , in such a short term , it seems  impossible to discover significant results .
Hence , many researchers have to 'make up' essays on their own  , or simply plagiarize other's works .
In addition , in most  institutes , the funds of science are given by seniority .
As for some young but creative engineers or scientists , it may be very hard for them to get financial support to carry on their own research , which will stifle their creativity and give them no place to fulfill their potentials .
Secondly , some social reasons also exert detrimental influence upon the designing and innovating process in China .
To start with , it seems to have become a consensus that China does little on the protection of intellectual properties and patents .
What is worse , in China , nearly all the people have formed a habit of buying pirated discs and illegally downloading from the Internet .
From a research by BSA , about 93% software used in china are pirated , which costs 3 .6billion dollars loss every year .
And according to Microsoft , about 29% of computers in China are illegally installed with windows system in 2008; especially 5% are computers for government use .
Moreover , the protection is also inadequate in terms of patents .
According to the statistical figures , about 30 percent of patents are illegally used without authorization .
But it is very hard for the victim to prosecute the infringers .
According to China's law , it will take about 3 years to finish the lawsuit; and it will consume more time and money to execute the verdict after they win the case , especially because most of trespassers , who are usually in small business or manufacturing their illegal products in a family workshop , it is even harder to trace and penalize them .
Lastly , the designing and the process of innovation are sometimes detrimentally affected by economic mode in China .
the High GDP index , the government sometimes only cares about how many investments they can attract from overseas and other places; And Most of the enterprises in China only focus on manufacturing , processing , and exporting goods .
What they need to do is just transferring the raw materials to finished goods .
So there is no need for them to invest a multitude of money to establish research and development groups to design or invent new technologies and sciences .
At the same time , they also assert that designs and innovations are not their business but  or other countries instead of China whose enterprises not only lack  funds but also core technology .
And now most of the enterprises are quite satisfied with this economic growth mode and think that it is not necessary to change the industrial structures .
So when some original designs and innovations come out in China , it is more likely for them to be ignored and discarded .
So in this way , the impetus for designing and processing innovations has been greatly encumbered .
To conclude , there are many problems which obstruct the process of engineering design and innovating in my home country , China .
And China still has a long way to improve its regime and the value of whole society towards designing and innovating .
However , I am still optimistic about the engineering design processes for innovations in China and I believe it will be made better when the globalization becomes more prevalent and China becomes more open .
The innovation of laptop from desktop pushed Toshiba , a small company unknown to most , to the focus of IT world and helped it make a lot of money; British , being driven by the inventions of steam engine and railway , became the most powerful country in the world .
Engineering design progresses are so important that they determine the rise and decline of companies and even nations .
As the biggest developing country , China has shown the world its power as well as shortcomings .
Among the shortcomings , the lack of engineering design progresses for innovation is serious and the two significant obstacles are the bad environment for reach and the brain drain problem .
The environment for research is bad in China is because at first , there is not enough capital given to do researches .
According to China Research Environment Report , Science Observation (2006 .
2) , the average funds for national researchers are less than 100 ,000 RMB (near 20 ,000 SGD) a year , to say nothing of other researchers .
Without enough capital , how can researchers buy the necessary equipments and do the necessary experiments to make science and engineering progresses !
Another fact is that the talent in China waste a lot of time doing things that irrelevant to research .
One significant phenomenon is that and graduate students in university call their tutors 'boss' , which is because instead of teaching them new knowledge or doing researches , tutors often ask students do tasks from companies to make money .
Furthermore , many administration jobs in universities and science institutes are done by scientists and engineers who are not good in administration in deed .
Because of the good treatment of administration jobs , a lot of talented scientists and engineers waste time competing to get them , leaving the research jobs behind .
To move the distractions , it needs to apply certain regulars to retain the talent in their positions and also , improve the treatment of research jobs .
termsregulationstermsAccording to an essay in Sina .com ({http://ne .sina .comfirstly07-06-20/111513271455 .shtml}[HYPERLINK: htresearchsina .com .cn/c/2007-06-20/111513271455 .shtml]) , China has sent 1060 ,000 students to study overseas but only 275 ,000 of them have come back and contribute to their motherland .
The rate of brain drain is near 70% .
It is astonishing .
As known to all , students who manage to get the chances of studying overseas are usually the top students .
They are the ones who ca ?
make great contribution to engineering design progresses and other kinds othat are irrelevant Losing these top students means losing engines that can promote the country to a new height .
To solve the problem , again we should cgood environment for study , research , work and living to researche talent overseas to come bato do .
The road for China to become strong in innovations of engineering design is still very long .
We Chinese should work hard together to make China strong and we would grad to see that one day , the logo of 'make in China' can change to 'create in China' .
I believe the current human need that should be given priority is the need to reduce traffic congestion as it has always been a problem left unresolved for many decades .
With the help of engineering design process , many of such problems that we face in this present world can be minimized and resolved .
Engineering design process flows through these stages of defining the problem , gathering information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting a solution and finally testing and implementing of the solution .
Firstly , on defining the problem of traffic congestion and also gathering vital information on this human need .
The problem of traffic congestion is constantly happening throughout the world everyday and it is affecting the way we carry out our daily routines .
This problem leads to the loss of precious time that could be put to good use and it also affects the progression of work and major projects .
With this loss of precious time , we often have to make use of extra time to make up for the time lost in traffic congestion .
Thus it will also create an impact in the financial losses and holding back economic growth throughout the world .
Secondly is the generating of multiple related solutions , analyzing and selecting of a suitable solution .
One of the solutions that I came up with is to have a signboard attached to all traffic lights; this will indicate to all the drivers whether they should avoid travelling on certain roads that may have traffic congestion .
Although there are radio stations to report on traffic congestion ,  some drivers may not tune in to radio stations or may not know of other alternative ways to redirect their paths .
This results in accumulating the length of traffic congestions as the number of cars keeps piling up after it occurs .
This solution of indication can prove to be very useful , when an accident or traffic congestion occurs .
The sign board will have the three arrows mainly representing , left , straight and right directions .
For example in an event of traffic congestion , the central transport system will be notified in the shortest possible time .
Signboards that are in the area of traffic congestion and other possible affected areas would be updated and give suggestions to the drivers to redirect them away from the traffic congestion .
This central transport system would also provide an update for the traffic police; so that they may go down to rectify the situation .
Lastly is the testing and implementing of the solution .
With this idea of the solution , I would build a 3D replica of this system to test on the effectiveness in reducing traffic congestion .
I would continue to improve on the design with more stringent tests and experiments which will give me the most suitable configuration for a specific area on the island .
In conclusion , I see the need to improve on the transportation system around the world .
Using engineering design process , we could design a specific solution to allow the transportation system to have a faster and smoother flow of traffic .
As we advanced into dramatic change of technology , the world has made a breakthrough in science and achieved a milestone of success .
It is  that engineers are those who are playing a crucial role in the society while the world is expanding unremittingly .
This is because engineers are quintessential in designing products that meet human needs .
They utilize their knowledge to come up with new innovations which will give a fresh impetus to enhance the development .
In my opinion , current human need that should be given priority is having electric vehicles that operate entirely on battery power .
As we all know , petrol is a non renewable natural resource and hence changes of its price have a big influence on the world economy as all main transportations are using it as fuel .
Therefore , it is necessary to design vehicles that move by low cost electricity .
Electric vehicles can receive their power from a number of renewable sources that is transmitted into the vehicle through the use of electrical cable and stored in battery .
Through this , the dependence on  crude oil can be minimized gradually .
In addition , air pollution is worsening nowadays .
By using environment friendly electric vehicles , the pollution problem can be alleviated by decreasing the smog level .
Furthermore , electric vehicles typically have less{noise pollution}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Noise_pollution] .
According to Seyyed Khandani , Ph .D . , there are 5 steps for solving design problems so that the process meets the need .
Firstly , engineers must recognize the need and define the designing problems such as how far the driving range of a fully charged electric vehicle is and etcetera by gathering enough information , running experiments and performing computation .
After that , engineers should start gathering pertinent information to reveal  facts about the problem .
This step is quintessential as it makes sure that their efforts and time  are not wasted at the wrong place .
Then , engineers will use creativity to generate ideas that solve the problem by starting with existing solutions then trying to figure out and improve the weakness in those solutions .
Later on , engineers will combine their new ideas and tools into the existing solutions and finally unique solutions will be formed .
At this stage , engineers might have multiple solutions .
Hence , they have to analyzing their solutions and select the solution which is best suited for implementation .
The last step is to test and implement the solution that involves testing , construction and manufacturing of the solution to the design problem .
If the car passes all the tests , a new electric car is finally formed and will definitely meet the need .
Besides , engineers need to consider  the electric car's safety , cost and effects on the environment so that this engineering design meets the need .
For instance , ifthe electric car  design's cost is over budget , engineers might rather design combination electric-gasoline vehicles to cut down the cost .
In addition , safety of the car should be given priority in order for the design process to meet that need .
Thus , engineers have to confirm that the car is safe to be driven by running a few tests before the cars are supplied in the market place .
Engineers also have to run experiments on the emission from the electric carso as to make sure the car is  environment friendly .
To drive home the point , the engineering design processes will definitely meet that need if engineers persevere stoically whenever they meet failures during the process .
Engineers have a constant need to upgrade current technologies to keep up with the ever-evolving world .
Being a problem solver only means that they will constantly face a slew of problems that abound in the world .
Changes in the climate in recent times show that the Earth is embroiled in what is called global warming .
The need for more sophisticated technologies to reverse this damage caused to our environment has set engineers racing against the clock .
The war on terror never ceases as well .
The need for state-of-the-art weaponry and stealth vehicles has posed a tough problem to engineers as well .
However one human need that is most prevalent and disconcerting is widespread hunger .
The need for engineers to come up with food technologies that may fill the stomachs of hungry children is overwhelming .
Indeed , we have to solve this pressing problem before it becomes too late .
Another way to increase food production is to engineer grains and seeds so they produce more within a shorter timeframe .
They are genetically modified with desirable qualities to meet the needs and conditions of the place they are grown .
Crops are more robust and can withstand harsher conditions like strong winds , while carrying more grains atop their stem .
By genetically engineering many of our foods , we can actually increase food yield from the same plot of land in a shorter amount of time .
However , Khandani mentions that the solution is not perfect and we should keep revising and "going back to the drawing board" .
Our solutions are not one off .
We need to constantly modify them even as they bring about more problems .
In short , man will always find ways to solve our daily problems through engineering .
When people around the world are dying from hunger , engineers can be called to present possible solutions and find the best and most efficient way to deal with them .
Global warming is an exceptionally severe problem facing the world today .
It is a process whereby the Earth's temperature increases , which is attributable to the use of fossil fuels , and industrial or agricultural processes .
Man-made emissions release a great amount  of carbon dioxide which causes a large buildup of "greenhouse gases" .
One factor which contributes to the buildup is from power plants or factories .
Another major factor will be the carbon dioxide emitted from cars .
Though it may only contribute a small percentage to the buildup in the gases ,  as time goes by , the increase in the utility of cars will become a big contributor to global warming .
Thus a group of students from NUS came up with an idea of creating an eco-friendly urban concept car with zero carbon emission .
This group consists of students from the School of Design and Environment and also the school of Engineering .
This car was built from scratch with its body designed and manufactured by the students themselves .
It runs on a hydrogen fuel cell that drives the electric wheel hub motor .
In this way , it will achieve twice the energy efficiency compared to the burning of gasoline in the internal-combustion engines .
In addition , with the design of the eco-car , mechanics will have easier access to the components for trouble-shooting .
With such attractive advantages installed in the eco-car , it might slowly be introduced to the society as a form of transport so as to solve the problem of global warming .
Because the eco-car runs on hydrogen gas , this will lead to the reduction in the usage of petroleum and thus save the natural resources for better usage .
However , there will also be disadvantages with regards to the creation of the eco-car .
Though the eco-car may seem to be the perfect solution to solve the problem of gasoline combustion cars , it will cause conflicts with many car manufacturers such as Toyota or Nissan .
With this invention , the governments will strongly recommend civilians to replace their current vehicle with the eco-car .
As a result , there will be a negative impact on the sales for the current car manufacturers .
When all of these happen , it will also affect the economy and also the jobs of the sales personnel .
Another disadvantage of the eco-car will be the resources that it uses .
Take gasoline combustion cars as an example; when it is running low of fuels , the driver can easily top up his vehicle at any petrol station nearby .
But as for the eco-car , the resources it uses may not be readily available , so it will not be very convenient .
Although the eco-car may be a great invention to remedy the problem of global warming , we should not solely depend on it .
Instead we should put more focus on the other factors which have greater impact on global warming
Most of the products today are created using a conventionally generated technology but there are a few products which were invented in a skunkworks environment .
For example , the first laptop computer was produced in a skunkworks environment because Toshiba , a Japanese electronics company , had suffered huge losses with its failure in the desktop computers' market in the 1980s .
So , the company refused to invest in the research and development of the laptop computer (Rogers) .
Even though conventionally generated technology is more popular nowadays , both ways of production have their own advantages and disadvantages .
Both ways of production are similar in their motive .
The intention of the teams is to research and develop their product hoping to come up with a new invention  or make the existing products better .
For example , a research and development team with financial support from the company research on the company's product and try to improve the existing products and create new products for the company .
It is almost the same for the team working in skunkworks environment .
They believe that the products they are working on will be a success even though they are not supported by company .
However , there are differences between the two of them .
Firstly , they differ in financial aspect which is the main aspect .
Productions using conventionally generated technology have full financial support from the company .
With the financial support from the company , the research and development team can have a comfortable and productive workspace .
On the other hand , there are no or very little financial support for the team working in skunkworks environment .
Therefore , skunkworks environment usually is not comfortable to work in .
Besides what is mentioned  above , the team using conventionally generated technology can afford state of the art devices which will increase the efficiency of research .
In contrast , the team working in skunkworks environment not only do not have those devices , but they have to bring their own equipment to work .
The second difference between productions using a conventionally generated technology with those from skunkworks environment is the creativity of the team members .
The main problem of the team in skunkworks environment is the financial problem as mentioned earlier .
The lack of money causes them to consider other options when inventing a product .
For example , they might look for used items to be use as inputs for their production .
In contrast , the team with full financial support do not really need to consider the cost of research; therefore they most probably could not come up with products which are more cost efficient .
Finally , after comparing both  ways of production , we will realize that both also have their pros and cons but in my perspective , production in the skunkworks environment is better mainly because of the freedom in inventing new things .
Without the supervision and control from the sponsor company , team members are able to explore new ideas that might not be parallel to the company's main objective .
That is why there is a significant number of people who are willing to work in the skunkworks environment despite the problems they face .
This is because these people believe that their inventions will benefit mankind .
Helen Keller made her miraculous breakthrough as she spelled W-A-T-E-R when water ran over her hand .
The importance of water lies in the fact that  it comprises 70% of a person .
Without food , one can still live for a few days .
However , without water , life will be shortened to one day .
No doubt water is the basis of life on this planet .
In the Maslow's Hierarchy of needs , water , together with breathing , food , sex , sleep , homeostasis and excretion are the ground basic of human needs .
Therefore it should be given priority as a current human need .
However , in real life , a problem may not be solved as expected by implementing a standardized model .
For example , for an idea of water conservation to be developed further , scientists need the financial support from government/corporations .
Self-funded projects are usually carried out in skunkworks environment where researchers have to bear the consequence of failure .
Furthermore , the whole process in the model which Khandani has proposed may take many years to be completed , making self-funded projects less viable if there is still no support along the way .
Another kink in the process is the selection of solutions .
Corporate bodies tend to look for solutions with maximum profitable returns .
Government entities also need to justify themselves if they opt for more expensive solutions which may/may not generate returns .
For example , compared to the water transfer project from another location with more abundant water supply , distillation of sea water will be a more expensive solution though it has the potential of solving the problem in the long run .
In conclusion , water is the urgent need for human .
To solve water scarcity with the engineering design processes is viable , but limited in its actual application .
Many things that surround us today make our lives a lot easier .
From kitchen appliances like refrigerator to home entertainment systems , these are things which we often take  for granted .
They also did not appear at our homes overnight like Christmas presents .
All the many inventions at our homes were developed by engineers over a long time .
It started from identifying the needs of people , followed by coming up with various solutions and then implementing them .
This is called Design Process  which engineers use to approach problems .
According to Khandani , there are five basic steps used in a design process .
This five basic steps can also be applied to problem solving .
The first step is to identify the problem , which usually involves the process of knowing what the customer wants and what problems they are encountering with existing products .
Secondly we need to gather more information , like previous failed attempts at solving similar problems , whether a need for a new solution is needed or not and the problem with existing solutions .
.
Lastly testing and implementation is done on the solution .
All the steps are important as safety , reliability and economic factors are included and may have a huge impact on many peoples' lives .
Currently , there are many engineers in our society  .
They solve solutions to needs of people , for example an army general wanting a better and a faster tank for his army .
But more priority should be given to things like health care .
In the past , people who wanted to see a doctor had to wait in long queues .
More often than not , those people who were waiting in the line were in urgent need of medical attention .
Time is often wasted in the administrative part of the process .
Nurses in a clinic had to flip through archives for a patient's information manually .
Therefore a more efficient way of allowing people to see doctors is needed .
Engineering process can be applied to meet the needs of people and solve the problem .
After the problem is being identified , more information needs to be gathered .
Khandani said that inexperienced designers will skip this step and proceed to finding solutions , but efforts spent in gathering information will pay out later in the design process .
Engineers found out that in clinics , human errors of the nurse is present , resulting in longer queues .
So solutions like computerizing all administrative work and the processing of patient's medication is being implemented .
In this way , human error is eliminated and people can see the doctor and get their medication in a faster way .
There are many problems than can be solved systemically using the five design process that Khandani mentioned .
Health care is only one of the many pressing needs for engineers to solve .
much useful feed back is needed in order for more problems to be identified .
In the 21st century , with the development of the world's economy , people's living standard keeps advancing .
However , because of overeating high protein food , being lack of exercise and many other relevant reasons , various kinds of disease is threatening us human beings , especially the heart disease .
Till now , heart attack has become the top one killer among all the disease which threatens the human's health .
According to a research conducted at 2000 , the number of people dying from heart attack accounts for almost one-third of the total number of deaths around the world , and even worse the percentage is expected to be greatly enhanced by 2020 .
As a result , WHO says heart attack as the 21st century's plague and calls for more attention on the heart disease .
Fortunately , the appearance of a kind of engineering design product helps huge amount of patients who suffer a lot from heart attack .
That is heart pacemaker .
the heartnumbersisinthreatendiseasesWhat is a heart pacemaker ?
Basically , it is a medical device which uses electrical impulses , delivered by electrodes contacting the heart muscles , to regulatebeating of the heart .
With the help of pacemaker , patients whose heart rate are too high or too low can maintain an adequate heart rate .
According to classification , Heart pacemaker belongs to ergonomics which is a study of how people interact with machines .
As an ergonomical design , the primary requirement is safety .
Because the heart pa pacemakershould be implanted into patient's body before it can work well , it asks for higher safety requirement .
The material used to make a pacemaker is silicon , titanium steel and special artificial plastic , both of them is quite friendly to patients' internal environment and will not cause injury or other diseases to humans .
What's more , nowadays , the heart pacemaker is quite small with thickness only 10mm and weight only 40 grams .
Such kind of little size ensures a low possibility of hurting the human organs .
All in all , proper material and suitable size make the pacemaker much safer to use .
the heart pacemaker Overview , the coming out of the heart pacemaker makes a tremendous contribution to the patients who sufthe heart pacemaker art attack .
We have to say it is really a commendable achievement among all the engineering designs .
Let's expect the prospective heart pacemaker can be more convenience and more powerful features at lower price .
I'm sure it will be fantastic news for the whole human beings .
Technical innovations are essential to the development of a nation .
However , making innovations is not just as simple as thinking about new ideas and carrying them out , but something requiring complex engineering design processes .
According to Khandani , the process of solving design problems can be generalized to five steps: "define the problem , gather pertinent information , generate multiple solutions , analyze and select a solution , and test and implement the solution" .
In most cases , it is not easy to go through all these steps successfully due to the hindrances from various sources .
In this essay , I will talk about two problems which have been greatly hindering such engineering design processes in China .
One is the brain drain problem and the other is the capital problem .
Since China adopted the reform and opening-up policy in 1978 , countless promising students have gone abroad for further study .
China has spent a lot of resources to educate them and expects them to reward the society after further education .
Unfortunately , lots of these talents are unwilling to return to their motherland because of the much  superior conditions in developed countries , which causes the brain drain problem .
As we can see , the five steps of engineering design processes for innovations given above all involve qualified well-educated people .
Such a brain drain makes China fall into a severe shortage of talents who are necessary for the implementation of any stage of the process .
Since there are not enough people for engineering design processes , China is not capable of making enough innovations for higher living standards in a short time .
As a result , more educated people will go abroad , which aggravates the brain drain problem in turn and exerts a greater negative effect on the process .
Secondly , China is still struggling to meet its people's basic living needs as a developing country .
Every year China has to spend most of its revenue on fundamental infrastructure and national defense , etc .
Therefore , unlike US and developed European countries , not much capital can be spared for engineering design processes for innovations , which causes the capital problem .
As we all know , it is often costly to gather sufficient valuable information in this information age and carry out a new policy in today's materialistic society .
Thus in the course of engineering design , one usually needs much money for getting pertinent information and testing and implementing the solution .
Without enough useful information , people cannot come up with best solutions .
Even if they have made it , testing and implementing it is still impossible without sufficient capital .
Besides , when people are aware that not much capital is available , they may not choose the most efficient but more costly solution in the course of 'analyzing and selecting a solution' , which may bring about bad effects in the long run .
Therefore , the capital problem hampers engineering design processes to a very great extent .
Actually , the brain drain problem and capital problem have been restricting China's engineering design processes greatly these years .
But the government has done much to relieve these two and other similar problems .
I have the confidence that China will overcome these hindrances one day .
At that time engineering design products or systems will boom to meet people' needs .
Einstein once noted that"the god doesn't play dice ."
From his perspective , since every natural event happens as a result of a cause or collective causes , I am not sure if it is proper to refer to the discovery of LSD , short term of Lysergic acid diethylamide , as an accident .
At least it is not an intentional consequence like the discovery of risperidone , a medicine for mentally disordered people .
In the following paragraphs , I shall touch on the similarities and differences of their pharmaceutical effects , controllabilities and consuming groups .
Firstly , despite the fact that they focus on different aspects pharmaceutically , LSD and risperidone actually share some similarities on medical effects .
They both have strong corrective influence on mental disorder .
In 1993 , risperidone was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration ,  for the treatment of schizophrenia , and bipolar disorder in 2007 .
Especially for pupils with age 13-18 , risperidone is the only approved drug agent in America .
On another hand , LSD was once widely used for treatments of mental disorder as well before  , which would be illustrated in the second paragraph .
However , LSD affects people in alcoholism in a positive way which is unachievable  for risperidone .
Secondly , the controllability of both the  short term and long term  effects of LSD and risperidone vary greatly .
Risperidone always gives a constant performance .
Beside its expected medical effects , the side-effects are also predictable .
The most common side effects include severe anxiety , akathisia , sedation , dysphoria , insomnia , sexual dysfunction , low blood pressure , muscle stiffness , muscle pain , tremors , increased salivation , and stuffy nose .
But for LSD , the physical and psychological effect vary greatly from one to the other , and is highly dependent on the amount of dosage , consumer's personality , mood , the surrounding environment and other variable factors .
Most importantly , the social issues arising from consumption of LSD are unexpected .
The typical physical effects are dilated pupils , higher body temperature , increased heart rate and blood pressure , sweating , loss of appetite , sleeplessness , dry mouth , and tremors .
Apart from physical and psychological effects , LSD also triggers intense spiritual experience which leads consumers to illusory images and feelings .
There is a great number of people who believe that LSD serve as a divine vehicle  which transports the consumers to the outer-space where the gods live .
There were several cases of suicide before the United States government banned LSD in 1966 .
Lastly , the consuming groups of LSD and risperidone consist of different people with different purpose , resulting in different social problems .
Normally , the consumers of risperidone are psychological patients who are seeking effective treatment .
However for LSD , it was mainly regarded as a means to get high by the American hippies .
Even the poets , painters and musicians tried to seek inspiration by consuming  LSD .
As a result , the consuming group of LSD is more complicated than that of risperidone .
According to the above , even though riperidone and LSD share some similarities in their pharmaceutical effects to a certain extent , they are different from each other in terms of controlability of side effects and their consuming groups .
The sport is one of the most important things in human beings life .
But , unfortunately , it is inevitable to get injured when we do sports .
Knee injury is a common injury in many sports , for example , basketball , soccer , skiing and etc .
And also , it is difficult to recover because of the complexity of the knee .
Among the various knee injuries , the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injury happened in most cases .
If the sick do not recover completely , it is likely for him to get injured again at the same place .
Even worse it could affect his daily life .
So  ,the treatment of the ACL injury is considered as a very important problem in sports medicine .
ashownTo make the artificial ligament meet the need , scientists considered it in many aspects .
First , the artificial ligaments should they haveuse rerupturedreaction  .Second , it should be very strong  ,flexible and to abrasive  ,so that it can ensure thahimselfpatient can play sports in the normal level .
Third  ,it should have the ability to grow and combine with the reptured ligament .
After a few years research , an artificial one called LARS ligaments came out .
The LARS ligament is made of industrial strength polyester fibers .
The polyester fibers and the original design of the knit have been tested for rupture , stretching and wear .
The result has showed atat the LARS ligament is extremely resistant to flexion , traction , torsion , and resrupturedretching .
Also , the design has biocompatible properties to human beings tissues , because the intra-articular longitudinal fibers allow for tissue in growth .
Compared with the human ligaments , the LARS ligament is much more tensile .
Futhermore , if we use LARS ligaments in the reconstruction of cruciate ligament , the time of recovery can be reduce a lot .
The professional player who uses LARS ligaments can return to the courshown or 4 months after the surgery while the classic method will cost 6 to 12 months to recover .
This technology shows its advantages with the classic method .
And the invention of it gives the players and sports enthusiasts a better choice when they suffer the injury .
At the same reducedthere is also a pitfall about the artificial ligaments .
Because it appeared less than 20 years and we can not predict what could happen after 30 or 40 years , which artificial ligaments have been used for .
I think as it improves a lot in the future , it can take possession of the classic method finally .
STS , Science and technology studies , is the interaction of scientific research and social , political , cultural values .
Having taken shape in the 1960s , STS provides us another view of the innovation-development process in terms of social construction of technology .
Among thousands of technologies , laptop , one of the most important innovations in twentieth century , is a good example of socially determined technology .
The laptop , firstly manufactured by Toshiba in 1985(Rogers , 2003) , ten years after the birth of the desktop computer , has again brought about a tremendous revolution in our lives .
The idea of making a laptop was inspired by mainly three social factors: demand of customers , support of technical stuff , and source of funding .
wasthe laptopconditionsSecondly , the man power that provides technological support plays an essential rule to the innovation of laptop .
The idea of designing laptop was first not approved by Toshiba  , while Mizoguchi , the chief designer of laptop did not give up .
He organized a group of talented engineers who were selected from the military projects witharoseong professional skills and knowledge and started the research secretly .
After 24 months of hard work and thousands of times of practice , the first laptop was born .
The support of technical stuff brought a successful step towards the final goal of promoting and producing laptops .
Lastly , but nomainhe least , the source of funding made the production and sales roleainops possible .
Thougthe laptopresearch team has made ta laptopa of laptop came true , the laptop woubutt be finally put into production wthe laptop a large amount of money .
To the disappointment , the plan of producing the laptops had again been rejected due to the small potential market estimated by the company .
A new obstacle was in the way of Mizoguchi's laptop plan .
Fortunately , the potential of this innovation drew the attention of Nishida , anstaffrt at marketing .
With his cooperation , the sales of laptop had been guaranteed and the production was finally executed .
Last but not least of laptop cannot be separated with the three main factors .
The demand of customers inspired the deshaders , the support othe laptopnical stuff put the idea into practice , and finally , the source of funding ensure the sales .
Withouttheiry of these three factors , the dream of owning a laptop will be still a dream now .
wouldensuredstaffRogers , E .M . (2003) .
The birth of the laptop computer atfromhiba .
Retrieved from Sep 9 , 2009 .
In Diffusion of innovations (pp .144- 146) .
New York: Free Press .
Have you tried to live with fire as your light source and use fire to cook or heat food ?
It must be terrible .
Fortunately , Thomas Edison created lightbulb in 1879 and Percy LeBaron Spencer discovered microwave energy after World War two .
It is amazing that Edison picked up a fifty-year-old idea and made it come true , while Percy brought microwave oven to light by an accident , indeed .
These two wonderful discoveries have lots of similarities and difference .
In the first place , the two inventors discovered lightbulb and microwave oven in totally different ways .
Moreover , the idea of microwave oven was totally new , while someone had worked on lightbulb before Edison .
Finally , the inventions and innovations of lightbulb and microwave oven are really great creations for human beings .
First of all , Edison and Percy made the two considerable discoveries in two completely different ways .
Edison achieved this unbelievable task by the lightbulb of various experiments .
To choose the suitable filament for the lightbulb , Edison tried more than 1600 kinds of materials with different heat-resisting .
The result showed that platinumthe microwave ovenmaterial to be used as filaments , which was not satisfying due to its hmanyce .
After many setdifferencesson decided to use carbon to make filament .
Nevertheless , Percy lighted on microwave energy by pure coincidence .
When he did somea microwave ovencusing on radar waves , the melt of a candy barthe lightbulbocket excite the surprise of him .
After deeper research , Percy concluded that microwave heating could raise the internal temperature of many foods far more rapidly than a conventional oven .
the microwave oventhe microwave ovenLast but not least , lightbulb helps us say goodbye to darkness and microwave oven provides us a pdiscoverednvenient way to heat food .
Both of the microwave ovenrkable inventions help us to lead a much better life now .
Because of lightbulb , the big world becomes brighter and more colorful .
Also , we can read , writapplianceslots of things in the night .
Lightbulb has brought us easier and more convenient life .
In the same manner , microwave oven has become one of the many modern conveniences nowadays .
It provideIn contrastter way to heat food .
Not only can it save time but also can be operated in a safer manner .
15th August , known as "Victory in the Pacific Day" , is celebrated by people all around the world to memorize the surrender of Japan in 1945 .
What we need to emphasize here is that the atomic bomb explosion in Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 6th and 9th August respectively definitely speed the surrender of Japan .
In the history of warfare , these are the only two nuclear weapons used for attacking .
Nowadays , more than sixty years passed by , nuclear weapons are still the most destructive weapons invented by human beings .
Surprisingly , when the nuclear technology is firstly discovered by scientists , it was seemed as a method to satisfy human's needs of energy .
If there was no E=mc2 or World War Two , nuclear weapons was for peace  be invented .
But everything also seems very natural and has its inevitability .
This is history .
Maybe for the nuclear technology itself , utilizing it to make weapons is unfair , but weforuthe Japanese that it is the social needs , or specifically the military demands , and government priorities at that time that decide the direction of this innovation .
Just like everythe nuclear crisis elebrate the "Victory in the Pacific Day" , there should be some others memorizing the nuclear weapons .
There are two different perspectives for the development of technologies: technological and sociological point of view .
When viewed from the technological point of view , it can be seen that the technology , consisting of hardware and software , is shaped according to how technology has improved .
However , that is not true as it can be seen that considerations like market and cost are not taken into account .
Therefore the sociological factors like affordability and user-friendliness are used to determine the development of technologies .
An example of such technology is the Global Positioning System (GPS) .
The technology consists of numerous satellites that orbit around the Earth that provide its users with various functions ranging from navigation to prediction of weather , thus , widely used in transportation industries .
The military also uses GPS in various methods from missile guidance to enemy tracking .
Besides that , the public has also benefited from this technology as it can be used for search and rescue purposes and also as a navigation aid .
Numerous factors have brought about the development of the GPS: mainly the government , military and public demands .
First , the government had a great part to play in the development of the GPS .
In 1983 , the U .S . President Ronald Reagan decided that the GPS will be made available for civilian use after the Soviet Union shot down a commercial airliner which had navigational difficulty , bringing about the death of more than 200 passengers .
Since then , the government realised that the GPS is the key to providing a dependable way of navigation and thus , pushed for its development .
Currently , the GPS is widely used in the aviation and maritime industry so that similar incidents can be prevented .
Second , the military brought about revolution in the usage of GPS by integrating missiles and other artilleries with GPS which improved the accuracy and efficiency of the weapons .
Besides that , it allowed the soldiers to do scouting and accomplish their tasks at night through GPS- receivers that coordinated their movements with command posts .
When the GPS is paired together with satellite cameras , enemy tracking and identifying targets are made convenient .
Next , the public demands have pushed the benefits of the GPS further when gadgets are integrated with GPS to provide constant relative motion and time coordination .
Using such products , users are capable of navigating in any part of the world .
As such , even the user's estimated time of arrival can be calculated .
Such products have saved lives when rescuers tracked the GPS signals from their gadgets to locate the victim's whereabouts , bringing the success rate of search and rescue mission to a higher level .
Today , the GPS is a widely used technology in not just the transport industry , but also in military and civilian purposes .
It has also since developed into a cost saving technology as it saves not just petrol and gasoline , but also time and effort .
Besides that , many victims owe their life to GPS when rescued from disasters and accidents .
It has been published that the GPS will fail in the year 2010 , however , with its wide range of purposes and benefits , efforts are being put in place by various governments around the world to not just keep it functional , but also to improve its capabilities .
Therefore , we can expect to see more GPS-related technology in future .
The development of technology has benefited human beings in both scientific researches and daily life of human beings .
With the invention of microscope , scientists are able to observe molecules which form all matters .
Besides scientific researches , inventions and new technologies have indeed brought convenience to human beings .
With mobile phones and Internet around , individuals are connected to the whole world with a simple click .
As Rogers stated in his book , development of technologies is stimulated either by scientific research or by social reasons .
(Rogers , 2003)One important technology which was socially determined is the invention of laptop in Toshiba , a Japanese electronics company .
The invention of laptop was originally designed to fit crowded offices and small homes which were typical in Japan .
At that time , dozens of workers shares one desk and desktop computers were too large in size .
(Rogers , 2003)Laptop was then invented by an engineer in Toshiba Company called Mizoguchi , whose braveness and wisdom has been recognized in the process of inventing laptop .
However , because of lacking resources and unpromising market , the innovation of laptop in Toshiba was nearly aborted .
Fortunately , the designers of laptop were strong-minded so people nowadays are able to access internet anywhere with laptops that were first invented by them .
the Internetdeterminedthe laptopthe laptopthe laptophaveThe laptopsharedthe laptopIn the process of inventing a laptop , the design team was lack of human resoresearchoney .
At first , the idea of designing laptop was disappthe microscopehe Toshiba Company , which at that time has just suffered fmattere loss in the businesresearchnal computers .
(Rogers , 2003)Corporate leaders of the company then were no longer interested in computer-related businesses and thus refused to provide fund and experts to the designing team .
Although the team survived due to the insistence of Mizogushi and finally came up with the first laptop in the world , lack of resources has had an impact on the design team , which made the team 'stressful' (Rogthe laptop003) in the designing process .
hadAfter the laptop was invented , it was forbidden to be soldlacking inan since the company was not optimistic about the market of its new product .
(Rogers , 2003)Thus , the designers decided to prehadt their production ia huge lossfirst , where they had a great success .
After that , laptops were introduced to all parts of the world and had brought convenience to people .
To wrap up , the invention of laptop was affected by the lack of resources and unpromising market which ultimately came from opinion of the authority in Toshiba Company which turned out to be incorrect .
However , the result is that laptops were eventually invented and brought convenience to human beings .
It is true that sometimes technology innovation may be affected by some factors , but hopes are that determined engineers such as Mizogushi will eventually come up with inventions that can improve our quality of life .
Serendipitous scientific discoveries often refer to those unexpected surprises scientists came across fully by chance in the area of science and technology .
These unplanned serendipitous "accidents" often turned out to be good results .
Actually a lot of major discoveries made by excellent scientists are unexpected gifts from good luck .
Some of them did change the course of history and still have a significant influence on the entire human race today , even the whole environment where we settled in .
For instance , the discovery of cosmic background radiation , the invention of the first microwave oven and the discovery of electromagnetism are all serendipitous .
In particular , pharmacology perhaps the most common fields where serendipity occurs .
The discovery of penicillin--a fairly common antibiotic in drug stores--is one of the most famous .
After the discovery of the new substance , he came to the problem of how to cultivating the mould and how to isolate and purify the antibiotic agent .
Both of them seemed to be quite difficult .
Fleming continued his research and trial for a long period of time with his assistant , but to no avail .
During World War II , the work was taken over by two other scientists and they soon found a technique to purify penicillin and started the mass production .
It saved a lot of soldiers' life in the war .
Of course Fleming's contribution was never forgotten .
He shared the Nobel Prize for physiology/medicine with the two scientists .
It is quite interesting that penicillin was once discovered by a scientist cultivateusly .
However , what would have happened if Fleming had never been concerned about the search for the cure or he had had no interest in this area at all ?
What would have happened if Fleming had ignored the contamination and just dropped it into the cleaning mixture ?
The whole world would have waited for more decades to see the discovery of penicillin .
It is just because Flmanys intriguedliveshis research that he could notice the mould contamination on the bacteria culture and stretch out further reflection on it , while others couldn't .
Hard work finally pays off .
Serendipity only favours those with high aspirations and determination who whole-heartedly dedicated themselves to their beloved career .
Century after century the engineering design processes for innovations speed up all-round social progress and create the civilisation we have today .
As far as I am concerned , the so-called engineering design processes for innovations actually means that the whole industry depends on the creative and passionate engineers to design new products or systems which can perfectly meet the society's demand .
In this way , the society is pushed forward .
That is why we say that scientific and technological process and innovation is the basic motive to promote productivity development .
However nowadays , we may find that these processes seem not so significant .
Perhaps some people will say that it is reasonable that the society is now in a relatively stationary stage since the modern scene was marked by tremendously and ever-accelerating change in the past few years .
But it is not the main reason in my opinion .
Just take my home country for an example .
The most serious problem which hampers the innovation process is that the technological base is relatively lower than the developed world .
Since industry innovation is a process with very high risk .
In other words , it runs a high risk of failure .
From the research report given by the government we can see that more than eighty percent of the companies involved in the research have some experience of breaking off or failure .
Because of the low technological base , the possibility of coming across with some bottlenecks in the innovation process is higher .
In this way , companies may dare not to pump money into the development of new products .
As we all know , enough funds are the basic guarantee for innovation .
Once the process is lack of funds , there is little hope for the process to continue .
Thus , the money we have already pumped in just becomes sunk cost , which means the company losses .
Then , this becomes a vicious circle .
High risk means less money pumped in .
Less money leads to higher risk of failure .
Finally , fewer and fewer companies will be willing to go for the innovation process .
Another very important factor in my opinion is about the lack of researchers .
As is known to all , the key to technological innovation is talents , especially those high-quality compound talents .
But the fact is that the lack of researchers has become the 'bottleneck' restrictions for most of the companies in China .
Statistics suggest that the R&D teams in companies tend to reduce .
What is worse , there are many companies which even do not get a R&D team yet .
Besides , the not so high salary can hardly attract high-quality talents to join the research team , which is also due to the lack of funds which I have mentioned before .
All these make it even more difficult for the innovation to born the fruit .
Anyway , we are living in such a world where everyone is down-to-earth .
People are always tending to do things that will benefit .
As a consequence , R&D may become the last choice for some talents .
benefit themselvesalways tend bearnot-so-high anhaveWorse stilldecrease in numberlacking innot dareAll in all , it is the low level of technological base and the lack of excellent researchersstableificantly hamper the whole process for innovation .
To improve the present situation , it is better for the companies to pump in more money to the process and attract more talents to contribute to the technology progress .
Additionally , companies should import the advanced ideas and skills from the developed world to improve the world , since l skill of themselves .
Only in this way can we expect a better environment for innovation and more significant scientific and technological progress .
Recently , along with the rapid and sound development of China's economy , China has made world-acknowledged achievements in technological area .
However , some obstacles still hamper the process of technological innovation of China , as the technological development is in its infancy .
In my opinion , there are mainly two big problems for us to overcome in the next few years , which are the decentralization and shortage of sources and the lagging of technology transfer .
Source refers to human capital and financial support .
Actually , decentralization of human capital and delayed financial support hamper the stage of research and development to a quite large extent .
Compared to other deveinping countries , China does not have a standard innovation centre where a lot of talented scientists and engineers can discuss and develop a creative project .
Take Silicon Valley as an example , a lotresources technological products are developed and promising companies are founded there every year , which is a result of the cooperation of many talents .
But China does not have such a base for technology development .
Chinese talents are spreading all over the world .
How to call up them and work out some big projects is a tough task for our government .
Lack of financial support is another problem faced by some existing research departments .
Every year , China raises a large quantity of money to support technology development .
However , if the financial support is divided into small parts , these departments will not get enough money to do a large scale research .
What's more , some research projects must wait several months for financial support , during which time scientists may lose heart and give up .
As a result , research and development , which are the first steps of innovation , becomes more and more difficult .
China should try hard to solve the problem of source .
resourcebecomeFurthermorereceiveResourcer problem is the lagging of technology transfer , which is a headache for a lot of research departments .
As we all know , technology was born to meet human's needs .
Therefoquite a large ing technology into human lives is significant for an innovation .
Some new technologies may be born as wmanyie in laboratories as a result of lagging of technology transfer .
Take computer as an example: it is saidexample .eManyment speed of the computer is quite fast .
Maybe it takes about a few years to generate a new generation .
But can most of us change our computers every few years ?
Impossible !
What's more , as China does not have a system to link these new techniques with manufacturing depacall them backhink most manufacturing factories cannot make full use of these innovations .
Therefore , we'd better to build a sound system to do the technology transfer .
buildwe hadBesidesAs far as I am concerned , the two problems are crucial as one refers to the beginning of innovation and the other determines the destiny of this innovation .
I think there are some ways to solve these problems .
Firstly , we'd better develop some technical centre to bring talents together and do research .
Secondly , we must develop a comlagyinem for technology transformation .
If we can overcome these problem , I believe the design process of innovation in China Perhapsdevelop farther more .
Nowadays , innovative engineering design plays a significant role in technology development .
A smart design , sometimes only involving a little change , can improve the work efficiency by several times , which can produce a much more attractive profit .
Obviously , cultivating engineers' innovative abilities is very important .
However , in my home country , many problems exist as huge barriers for engineers to apply their innovative ideas into practice .
The improper education model and the unsatisfying experimental conditions stand out among many reasons .
allowthe generation of innovative ideasdiscouragesAfter alobstacleabove , wunsatisfactoryesocialer model and the unsatisfyingdeveloponditions really act as obstacles to innovative engineering designs .
This may be a reason that China's technology is still behind many countries in certain fields .
However , we must also see things are changing .
As Chinteams carrying out education reform in a large scale and putting more emphasis on technology innovations , we can predict China's techngivehas a good perspecttoe .
In the old days , taking photos was a complicated process which was almost performed solely by professional technicians .
A photographer had to not only adjust all the settings manually , but also print the films with chemicals called film developer in a darkroom .
However , the recent two decades witnessed astonishing innovation in photographythe development of digital cameras (DC)which has made taking photos accessible to non-specialists .
This development came as a result of people's demand for more convenient photo-taking techniques .
Consumers' desire for more convenient usage and better photo quality shapes the development of DC technology .
Consumers' pursuit of better phodo quality also drives the innovation advanced DC technology .
The quality of a photo is mainly determined by the resolution of a camera .
To improve resolution , a company needs to conduct a considerable amount of research , including generation of new ideas , technology breakthroughs and reinsidetitive experiments .
carried aroundcess is hard , but companies are shas also resulted to sacrifice their time and labor for the development , since the better the resolution , the more customers will be attracted , and the more profit the companies will make .
Original digital cameras had a very low resolution .
For example , the first commercial DC , Dycam Model 1 , provided only 90 ,000 pixels (Kamps , 2008) .
After half a decade , the number changed to 1 ,000 ,000 .
The most advanced DCs today support more than 12 million pixels , which is over 100 times that of the original ones .
Such remarkable improvement shows the strong impact of consumers' requirement on pushing forward the DC technology .
After telephone was invented in the late 1800s , people were thinking about ways to improve such communication technology to extend the range of social network .
The original idea of mobile phone came from combining telecommunication with radio technology which was considerably improved during the World War 2 period CITATION Spe90 \l 2052 (Special History Issue , 1990) .
However , since radio telephone at that time was too heavy and expensive , the number of mobile phone users was limited .
Until the 1980s , due to the cellular idea , the portability and the quality of communication of mobile phone were improved and mobile telephony started to play a part in mass market CITATION Tom07 \l 2052 (Farley , 2007) .
And with the advance in internet technology , the third generation mobiles phones are digitized nowadays CITATION Wei05 \l 2052 (Wei , 2005) .
This essay will examine three major factors in the development of mobile telecommunication in different stages .
forSecondly , the development of mobile telecommunication was inspired by achievements in other fields .
Donald H . Ring came up with tamong of e ,ellular network in 1947 CITATION Tom07 \l 2052 (Farley , 2007) .
However , the idea was not applied to mobile phones because of the lack that time .
With the advance in computing technology in 1980s , a cellular network on mobile phones called Groupe Special Mobile was developed and this made mobile communication start to boom CITATION Tom07 \l 2052 (Farley , 2007) .
Similarly , the development of necessary technologies such as semi-conductors , transistors ans also contributed to the development of mobile telecommunications .
Therefore , progress in othe telephoneds can promote the innovations of mobile technology .
Last but not the least , the increasing number of mobile users requires digitized mobile phones with special features .
After the born of GSM , mobile phones started tousers .
Unlike the business usage , private users demand a user-friendly environment to communicate with friends and family as well as some additional entertainment features .
Such demands by the public encouraged mobile developers to create new functions for cell phones such as delivering ring tones , ATION Wei05 \l 2052 (Wei , 2005) .
Besides , mobile phones became digitized at the beginning of this century , which brought a revolutionhave alsomobile telecommunication .
Mobile phone today is no longer a phone that was mobile; it can be a MP3 player , a game player and eventhe ma personal computer .
Thus , consumers' demands motivate the development of mobile telecommunication in the digital age .
The technology of nanorobotics (nanobots) is a modern invention that deals with the making of robots at  atomic level .
The development of nanobots came from the advancement in nanotechnology , and the idea of nanotechnology was proposed by physicist Richard Feynman in a speech in 1959 .
Nanobots are programmed to do specific tasks , and they are small enough to enter a human body .
These tasks are increasingly needed to improve the level of technology in medical treatments today .
Research in nanobots is intensively carried out in this area .
Hence , development in the technology of nanobots today is largely shaped by the demands of patients with illnesses that require better treatments .
The development of nanobots today is largely affected by the increasing medical needs in cancer treatment .
There are many injuries and illnesses that originate from nano-scale processes .
For instance , cancer cells damage the cells within the human body , and they cannot be treated effectively with the conventional treatment like chemotherapy .
Today , drugs for treating cancer are delivered to specific tissues by nano-particles within the body .
According to a journal by Amir Gur (2007) , "small-sized robots are already involved in spinal surgeries , and the use of nanobots allows minimising damage to the tissue in the procedure ."
The introduction of nanobots in medicine and biomedical research creates possible solutions to treat illnesses that macro-scale techniques would be impossible to achieve .
Vincent , D . (2008) .
The invisible revolution .
Nature , 451 , 770-771 . doi:10 .1038/451770a .
Furthermore , the early boom of nanobots was largely dependent on the policies of the government .
Research on nanobots requires huge funding .
Without the help from the government , the advancement would be slow .
According to a journal article by Vincent Dusastre(2008) , "the lobbies convinced the Clinton administration to launch the National Nanotechnology Initiative in 1999 ."
This was the catalyst that accelerated the development in nanotechnology .
For fear of losing to other nations , the government increases the funding to private and public sectors in the R&D of nanotechnology , and this in turn brings to the global development and innovation of nanobots .
Another important factor that is changing the landscape of nanobots is economy .
Our economy is greatly dependent on energy and raw materials .
Nanobots would be helpful in making materials that are efficient in storing energy and converting energy sources .
There are many benefits in developing nanobots .
They can be used to create a system that is affordable , fast , and compact .
Nanotechnology has ventured even further recently .
It is described as a new and important way of solving the problem of storage system and energy crisis .
According to an article , $20 million was granted to Stanford - one of 46 Energy Frontier Research Centres - to help the engineers to find energy  at the nano-scale .
In Conclusion , the technology of nanobots is a modern innovation that allows human to process tasks that are beyond what our beareye can see .
This technology is largely applied in the field of medical treatment today .
With  continuous development , nanobots would improve the lives of millions in the near future .
Reference ,
Amir , G . (2007) .
The Nanonots are Coming .
Retrieved September 17 , 2009 , from {http://thefutureofthings .com/news/13/the-nanobots-are-coming .html}[HYPERLINK: http://thefutureofthings .com/news/13/the-nanobots-are-coming .html]
Nanobot .info .
(2004-2008) .
Report on Nanobots (Nanotechnology Robots) .
Minnetonka , MN .
Retrieved September 17 , 2009 , from {http://www .nanobot .info/}[HYPERLINK: http://www .nanobot .info/]
Stanford University .
(2009 May) .
$20 million grant helps engineers find energy down at the nanoscale .
U .S . Retrieved September 17 , 2009 , from {http://www .nanotech-now .com/news .cgi ?story_id=33221}[HYPERLINK: http://www .nanotech-now .com/news .cgi ?story_id=33221]
TIME Inc . (2000) .
What Is Nanotechnology .
U .S . Retrieved September 17 , 2009 , from {http://www .time .com/time/magazine/article/0 ,9171 ,997270-1 ,00 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .time .com/time/magazine/article/0 ,9171 ,997270-1 ,00 .html]
In Singapore , there are many creative ideas to solve the problems that are encountered in daily lives .
However , only limited number of the creative ideas have successfully completed their engineering design processes and hence launched in the market .
A large number of the creative ideas have failed in their engineering design processes because there are some problems in Singapore which may significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
The main problem , however , is time constraint and this problem can be seen to significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations in companies , such as Creative Technology .
In Creative Technology , time constraint has significantly hampered its engineering design processes for innovations .
This time constraint is caused by competition from other companies which sell similar products and they may also be in the midst of designing similar new products as Creative Technology .
Therefore , Creative Technology has to work against time to complete its engineering design processes for innovations so that it can launch its new products earlier than the other competitors and hence , earn the rights to claim that the innovations belong to it .
Mr Sim Wong Hoo , chairman and CEO of Creative Technology , commented that being awarded the ZEN Patent to Creative Technology had helped it to protect its invention  in portable media players .
He then further commented that in order to be awarded the ZEN Patent , it had taken a major investment of time and effort by a group of its research and development engineers (Creative Technology , 2005) .
It can be seen that because of time constraint , the research and development engineers from Creative Technology had to sacrifice most of their time just to focus on the engineering design processes for their new product , ZEN , so that it can be completed as soon as possible .
Furthermore , because of time constraints , certain processes in the engineering design processes may be compromised  .
Therefore , time constraint is the main problem that may significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
Another problem is that the designing process must  keep up with the rapid developments in technology , for otherwise by the time it is completed , it may already been rendered as obsolete .
According to St . James Press (2004)   , Creative Technology began manufacturing its own CD-ROM drives when it could not keep up with the rapid developments in drive technology; however , it was forced to abandon the effort , dumping its inventory and taking a loss of more than $30 million in 1995 .
From here , we can see that the Engineering design processes must be constantly  updated , for otherwise more problems may occur  that may significantly hamper engineering design process for innovations .
In conclusion , the two problems discussed   may significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
That is the reason why it is never simple to have many innovations in Singapore .
However ,  there are many people who overcame the difficulties and successfully completed the engineering design processes for innovations , and I hope more people can learn from their experiences .
Since the 1970s , communication technology has made great advances , offering capabilities that are unthinkable a decade earlier .
The last decade of the 20th century saw a flood of new communication technologies entering the marketfor both the office  and home , according to the Central Statistical office .
This is the result of a better  understanding of people's needs and what technology they really want to use .
One of such technology is the mobile phone .
In the past , communication was slow and unreliable  .
In  most  cases ,  information would not even reach the desired destination .
As a result , people wanted a form of communication that was fast and reliable .
This  changed dramatically with the introduction of the telephone .
Firstly , it took away the necessity of having acommunication medium  , which made it more reliable .
Secondly , the telephone used electricity , which was literally accessible to every household and this helped messages to be passed around more quickly .
However , this was still not enough .
People then saw the need to be able to communicate on the go .
The society wanted to be able to communicate at anywhere and anytime and with anyone it wished .
This resulted in the invention of wireless telephony , commonly referred to as the mobile phone .
The introduction of the mobile phone allowed people  the ability to pass messages to one another quickly and accurately whenever they wished .
This meant that office workers were able to speed up communication and circulate information faster to allow new ideas to be spread quickly .
Being able to do this would  benefit the company and  have a positive impact on the economy .
Furthermore , even the military has benefited from this wireless telephony .
Through the use of wireless communication , soldiers were able to communicate with one another swiftly and with 100% accuracy when information was being passed around .
Due to the convenience of having a mobile phone , the number of mobile phone users has increased drastically over the years .
By 2002 , Japan had 55 million mobile phone users (out of 122 million) , China had over 200 million mobile phone users (out of 1 .3 billion) and about 90% of Finland's population had a mobile phone , according to the BBC in 2003 .
The mobile phone underwent further developments to enhance its features to suit its consumers .
As a result , by 2003 , the mobile phone was presented as more than just a tool for calling someone .
By integrating a variety of functions in a single handset , the mobile phone became a multimedia information processor fitted with an array of conveniences .
In 2003 , Nokia had a vision that the mobile phone will become a life management tool for business , work and leisure .
It will also take on the roles of  being digital navigator and a lifestyle accessory that will help individuals control and enrich their lives (Nokia , 2002) .
Looking back at the evolution of communication , the mobile phone is one that has been shaped by social factors .
Constant demands from the society caused mobile phone companies to continue developing newer phones that would satisfy their consumers and allow them to bridge space and time to such an extent that people can communicate more efficiently .
The health ministers of various countries have shaped the development of the new vaccine .
The virus is very contagious  , and thus this leads to its spread in  society .
There is a large demand for the vaccine by  various government bodies .
This could be seen  when for the governments of France , Belgium and Finland intended to purchase 50 million , 12 .6 million and 5 .3 million doses respectively (Cormac Sheridan , 2009) .
Another reason the government bodies to be concerned with the development of the new vaccine is the fear of mutation .
As  many more are going to contract the diseases , there is a higher  chance that the virus will mutate into a stronger strain .
The health ministers around the world are  developing  a vaccine  for the virus before it spreads too widely or mutates .
The public and the H1N1 patients are the other groups that shaped the development of the vaccine for the H1N1 virus .
Although figures from the WHO (World Health Organisation) have shown that out of the 160 ,000 cases only 1 .200 cases are fatal , people continued to be in fear .
This is due to a previous outbreak of another flu virus which has taken many lives .
Due to  fear  , there is a high demand for the vaccine , and as a result the pharmaceutical companies are given plenty of  business opportunitties .
Thus they became very concerned with the development of the vaccine .
Besides the large demand , any new development would also bring about a rise in the  pharmaceutical companies' share prices .
For example , on April 30 2009 , when Lipoxenpharmaceutical company announced the positive preclinical results for  an enhanced influenza vaccineand added that the technology should also work against the new swine flu strain , Lipoxen's share price went up from  6 .62 ($10 .11) to  21 .75 ($33 .23) (Brady Huggett , 2009) .
Nowadays , most mobile phone can take pictures .
Many people have already got used to use cell phone to take pictures and transfer to their friends , so that they think that the camera phones are born like this .
However , camera phone changed a lot after coming out at 2000 (Daisuke , 2003) , compared with the first camera phone , camera phones nowadays are quite different .
During the nine-year development of camera phone technology , we can see that the great market demand , customer requirement , and government regulations of different countries have once affected this technology a lot .
Hawk-eye is a computer system used in cricket , tennis and other sports to visually track the path of the ball and display a record of its actual path as graphic image .
In tennis and cricket , Hawk-eye system has become an important reference for judgment and even the decision maker when dispute come on the scene .
When the Hawk-eye system was invented , it got prizes including Science and Technology Innovation Award presented by The Royal Television Society .
However , even for now , the popularization has not become widespread .
Hawk-eye's development is limited due to its high cost , some errors it made and some opposing ideas from the public .
In additionlimitation all the Sportsmen valuthe Hawkwk-eye system very much .
Even in tennis , onhas declared sportthe H that Hawk-eye is the most widelyitomakesfthe woresdoccasionallylar players still cannot accept Hawk-eythe H system .
Roger Federer and Lindsay Davenport think that Hawk-eye system forgets the true meaning of tendsisthe Hand makes tennis disinteresting .
idely kns plaintors have a great influenthe He on the development of the sport .
If those players do not accept Hawk-eye system , it may be very difficult for Hawk-eye system to develop and sput further .
In conclun , the reasons why Hawk-eye system does nlimitedrits out and deve high cost , the weakness of Hawk-eye system itself and the social opposing ideas from some influential world-famous players .
Since the introduction of Iphone on June 29 2007 , it has become the best- selling smart phone in the world1 .
After a series of hardware and software development , we can now enjoy the latest 3GS Iphone with a lot of improvementsthat include Internet , 3G , music , video and photos .
In the Iphone's development process , we cannot deny that the user's demands for new functions  have a great influence in changing the Iphone .
The second factor that affects the Iphone is the user's budget during the economic crisis .
During the crisis , the sale of the smart phone in general decreases because people do not want to spend money on unnecessary things .
Worldwide sales of hi-tech "smartphones" grew at their slowest pace  in the fourth quarter of 2008 as the financial crisis hit demand , according to a research firm2 .
There is no way for Apple to encourage people to buy their products except to make them more valuable .
In 2009 summer , Apple introduces the new version of Iphone , the 3GS , at the same price as the older version .
The new one has higher core speed and bigger RAM , which allows the Iphone to run faster  , and it can even display a high definition movie .
Apple also reduces the price of the 3G version to make it  affordable to more users .
The result is "California-based Apple was the third-biggest player with iPhone sales of 11 .42 million units , more than triple the 3 .3 million sold when it launched the device in 2007 " (citation) .
Therefore ,   the user's demand for advanced technology has contributed to the development of the Iphone through several years .
the Iphone  can serve many functions , such as  entertainment and  video conference .
Although the Iphone is the best smart phone in the market at the moment ,  it  have to be developed further and be offered at a lower price to satisfy the customers .
1Krazit , T . (2008) Apple in third place as smartphone shipments soar .
Retrieved from http://news .cnet .com/8301-13579_3-9865273-37 .html
2SINGAPORE (AFP) (2009) Global crisis hits smartphone sales .
Retrieved from http://www .physorg .com/news156063818 .html
Both the military and civil demand for precise navigation promote the development of the Global Positioning System
Nowadays , almost everybody knows about GPS (Global Positioning System)  , and it has made a significant difference in our daily lives  ,  from guiding family hiking to airline navigation .
However , a lot of people may  not know that it is  a seemingly  new and advanced technology that has already  existed for more than forty years (Lowry , 2006) .
It is the military and civil demand for precise navigation that stimulates the development of the GPS technology  to what  it is today .
Besides  military demand ,  public appeal for a safe civil navigation has also promoted the development of the GPS .
In 1983 , a US civilian airliner KAL 007 was shot down by the Soviet Union Air Force by mistake when it lost its way and flew into the airspace of the Soviet Union without authorization .
Thus ,  the US civilians  blamed the government for its ignorance in the safety of civil navigation .
In order to calm the masses and avoid such disasters in future , the then president Ronald Regan promised to apply GPS to civilian users as well as military once it was completed (Lawry , 2006) . . And due to the immense pressure of the public , the US government turned off the SA (Selective Available) in May 2000 .
This leads the the GPS to develop from a critically military supplied technology to a  system for both civilian and military use(Gibbon Media& Research LLC , 2007)
The idea of GPS is first put forward in the nineteen forties .
Since then , both the military and the public have demanded for precise navigation  , which promoted  the further development of GPS and make it into what we see today -a precise dual-use global positioning system for both the civilians and the military forces .
Similarities and differences between technologies developed via research and via serendipitous discovery
Technology is the practical application of knowledge  , especially in a specific area .
Many technologies were developed via research or the interplay between scientific investigations and practical problems while some were serendipitously invented(Rogers ,2003) .
This essay will compare and contrast the discovery of penicillin and the development of embryonic stem cells  , in terms of impetus of the invention , involvement of the researchers in the innovation development and the of the inventions on society .
There are similarities and differences between technologies developed via research and  serendipitous discovery  .
In  future , more and more useful technologies will be developed and they can give us a lot of benefits .
One of the many innovations that help to make our lives convenient is "Refrigeration" .
This is a technology that is shaped by a society in the past which was desperate to preserve its food .
They used blocks of ice as cooling aids to preserve their food .
Ice from mountains or snowy areas were transported to warmer regions where they were wrapped in cloth and placed in cellas .
The ice box was made  of a metal linked box insulated with cork or snow dust with one compartment to put the ice and another to store the perishables .
However , this system was not very efficient and was inadequate .
The civil war in the US interrupted the ice trade .
Successive warm winter for a period of time created severe ice shortages leading to an unprecedented demand for new methods .
The desperate need for a way to preserve food as well as the idea of cooling to prevent the food from spoiling helped to shape the technological innovation of refrigeration .
The idea of refrigeration is built based on the principle that when  liquid changes to  gas , it absorbs heat as it expands in a self contained cycle , and  air or other fluid surrounding the device can be reduced in temperature .
Using this principle ,  the gas refrigerator and the electric refrigerator were built  .
The length of tank's history is almost one hundred year since 1916 when the first time tank was used as a secret weapon of British .
If we trace back further , we can find that Leonardo de Vinci already drew a similar picture of tank in 15th century .
Although we are not sure what kind of materials and technologies Vinci was trying to use when constructing his "tank" , we are still astonished by his ingenious imagination .
However , tank is not a usual vehicle for the majority .
Most people never have a chance to drive a tank , but it seems that many people are very familiar with and interested in it .
Tank is tightly related to war since the first day it was born .
Inevitably , government and military demand play vital important roles in its developing history .
developmenta vitalIn World War Ithe t(WWI) , when the Triple Entente and the Triple Alliance weit was first useder bloodily , they both the Britisho troubltrace its history  trench warfare .
seey trial of attack means had drawneds of lives .
The British govethe 1nment was very worried about this condition .
They needed a weapon that can pass throhad tried to used wire entanglement , as well as protect the soldiers from bullets .
In 1915 , E .D .
Swinton suggethe tank the Briticommonvernment to imany peoplector and otherdo not havee weapons .
Afoperate while , Briti theyok hinized a professionaThe tankoup to design and produce the tank .
In 1916 , this secret weapon was first used in the Battle of demand for the tank
are beingrsinevitableareieskshave developedt and technologicalIn consion , tank is a great engineering-design product which government , global politics and military industry shape it together .
It is a "weapon the mainass destruction" but still intoous .
Its quick develthe mpment and adapta nbility in battle field is incomparable .
It is the main role in land battle in modern war .
The success of a technology not only depends on how well it resolves the targeted need but also the social considerations it incurs when being introduced to the consumer market .
"The network of power" , a book by Thomas Hughes ,  addresses one pertinent problem on the way we view technology .
We tend to be blinded by the benefits of a technology and overlook the importance of understanding it as an entire system .
By looking at the development of automobiles , from electric vehicles to gasoline-powered cars , we are able to understand how economic factors have influenced oil magnates , car manufacturers and the government  , which ultimately shaped this technological innovation .
To sum up , oil companies , car manufacturers and the government have considered issues from the economic point of view and realised that the consequences of making electric cars  are too drastic .
The oil and automobile industries are too lucrative and at the same time crucial to the overall economy  , so much so that issues regarding pollution and environment are secondary to it .
Hence , the automobile technology is ultimately shaped by oil magnates , car companies and the government  .
In Singapore , there are problems which could hamper the local engineering design process for innovations .
The two problems are attitude and funding  , which have severe impact on the local engineering process for innovations .
The engineering design process for innovations can be broken down into 3 stages:  creativity ,  process and  materialization .
The two problems will be elaborated on how they impact the engineering process for innovations .
The first problem that will hamper the local engineering process is attitude .
According to "Singapore's innovation journey" an article by Patrick Lambe , Singaporeans cannot innovate because they are conditioned to be followers rather than creative idea generators .
This could be  due to personal and  social attitude towards innovation .
We shall begin with the individual attitude and examine it hampers the local engineering process for innovations .
Singaporeans tend to be prudent and stable .
Being prudent , Singaporeans tend to be less adventurous when compared to their western counterparts .
One common scenario would be for parents to advise their children , especially those with tertiary education , to get a decent job and contribute to the family's expenditure .
If their children want to go into the research and development profession  , such as to become  a researcher in a university , they will be discouraged .
Children who later grow up into adults do not do not utilize their creativity  , which may be helpful in the engineering design process .
The second problem that could hamper the local engineering design process is funding .
Often , inventors who use their engineering talents to come up with innovative products fail to secure funding .
A good example is the formula racing car of the National University Of Singapore (NUS) .
The initial stages required the professor and his students to each come up with three hundred dollars to purchase the necessary parts .
However not all inventors have the luck of achieving initial success and thus receiving funding .
Funding affects all the three stages of engineering process for innovations .
Failure to secure funding will turn away inventors with engineering flair
In conclusion , the two problems that could hamper the local engineering process for innovations are attitude and funding .
They will have a severe impact on the three stages which make up the local engineering process for innovations .
Innovations can come about through serendipity or research .
Serendipity is the accidental discovery of a new idea , and the 3M post-it pad is one of such example .
On 4 July 2009 , The Straits Times reported the development of a new product to help the deaf experience sound , the Haptic Chair , by researchers from the National University of Singapore (NUS)  .
Both innovations bring benefit to the lives of people .
On 4 July 2009 , The Straits Times newspaper reported that researchers from the National University of Singapore (NUS) .
invented a chair that turns sounds into vibrations to help the deaf experience music .
This was done as a result of NUS PhD student Suranga Nanayakkara recognising the need for the deaf to experience sound .
The Haptic Chair , which comes with back cushions and a footrest , is embedded with speakers that amplify vibrations caused by sound waves .
The product is made with the understanding that sound waves , apart from travelling through air , can also travel through solid matter (Grace , 2009)
The difference between  serendipitous discoveries and  researched technologies are the types of resources invested in their development .
A serendipitous discovery happens by chance , and has no pre-allocated funds or project timeframe to  adhere to .
The post-it pads came about because the 3M researcher happened to have some non-permanent adhesive , and he decided to come out with a new product on his own .
Before he gave the post-it pads to others , no funds or expertise were assigned to him for the post-it's development .
In the case of The Haptic Chair , a team of researchers had worked together with Suranga Nanayakkara .
A lot of time and effort were put in by the team before it could actually come out with the product .
Research technology and serendipitous discoveries , despite being different , share certain similarities .
Both are by-products of people being able to recognize human needs .
For the 3M researcher , he has has identified the need to stick notes on paper without leaving adhesive stains to damage original documents; for the NUS student , he identified the need to create a product to aid those with hearing problems .
Both technologies benefit the lives of people , and have potentials for profit .
In conclusion , we have come to learn that new technologies can come about via research and  via serendipitous discoveries  .
What we do need to bear in mind is this: technologies of both natures serve different groups of people in different ways , and they ultimately bring benefits to the lives of people .
Innovation occurs when there is a need for a new product or service  .
When someone faces a problem and motivates people to find  ways to solve it  , new ideas are generated .
Technology is very much related with innovation , as we need  equipment to solve problem .
Many technological innovations are made via scientific research or  the interaction of scientific investigations and applying them on practical needs and problems .
A new idea is created  from the rigorous process of research .
Others may be serendipitously invented .
Serendipity means unexpected discoveries  or   inventions .
These findings are often unpredictable  .
Serendipitous discovery can happen to anyone as well as in any fields .
In conclusion , innovation occurs at anywhere and anytime .
The exchange of ideas and information plays a very crucial part in the process of generating new ideas .
Through constant exchanges of information about  problems , human needs and wants , we can come up with better ideas to solve problems and make our world a better place to live in .
Technology has made our life easier .
Rogers (2003) defines  technology as a design for instrumental action that reduces the uncertainty in the cause-effect relationships involved in achieving a desired outcome .
Most of the inventions were developed by application of scientific research on practical problems or needs .
However , some unpredicted technologies were invented by accident  .
For instance , the stove was invented via research and the microwave oven was serendipitously discovered .
Both the stove and the microwave oven are used to cook our daily meal at home but they were discovered in two different ways .
We will use these stages to compare and contrast the two different technologies .
Recognizing a problem or need is the very first stage of the process .
In the past , people used fire , coal , or heat from the sun to cook .
the stove was invented because people need to cookby applying heat to  the food .
In contrast , the microwave oven that we are using today was a side product of the microwave radio signal in radar for military purpose .
Dr . Percy Spencer discovered the microwave technology by serendipity when he found  that the candy bar in his pouch  melted when he was experimenting with his new magnetron .
The history of the stove and microwave shows that serendipity and researched technology have come from  very different beginnings .
Serendipity comes from a branch of a problem or need , while research technology comes straight from the problem or needs .
Next , when the basic and application research  are established , the development of the product will begin .
The first known stove was built on the ground with sticks forming a tripod to hold the cooking pot above the heat source .
After years of innovations and experiments , the stove nowadays is safer to use and more convenient .
Likewise , the very first microwave oven was very big and bulky .
Today , it has become very compact and light , and features like the automatic functions  allow users to cook with just pressing a button .
Therefore we can see that both the technologies share the similar development path .
One similarity between both categories is achieving the aim of improving the quality of life for  people .
The Bionic eyes are being developed as engineers thought of ways to improve visual displays in various fields , such as gaming and  the aviation industry .
They hope to develop lenses  that  will allow players to be entirely immersed in the game  , and  to move without any constraints .
For the aviation industry , it is hope that through the new technology , pilots will be able to know the speed of the plane almost immediately .
The  3M's Post-its come in very handy when people want to remind themselves of various events or when people want to comment on essays without  writing on them .
It is convenient to use as it can stick to almost any surfaces and be peeled off easily without leaving any marks .
However , there are also differences between the two categories .
One of the differences is how the technologies came about .
For the Bionic eyes , it was done via research after it was seen in a movie called 'Terminator' , where a woman is able to zoom into places that are far away .
This gave the engineers the idea of turning what they see in  movies into  realities .
So , they worked towards this goal and developed Bionic eyes .
Post-its was discovered accidentally by researches who were trying to find bonding agents that can be used to bind papers firmly to a surface .
It was a by-product of what the researcherswere trying to achieve .
It was once deemed  "worthless" until people found uses for it and it has become one of the most commonly used products in our daily life and one of the products that make the most revenue for 3M .
In conclusion , both technologies , be it developed via research or  from a serendipitous discovery ,  have achieved the aim of improving the lives of people .
Initial acceptance of the two technologies may be different ,which in turn  depends on the mindset of the public  .
One of the earliest inventions  was the wheel .
We continued to push for technological advances in different aspects of our lives so as to enjoy a better standard of living .
Over the past  decade , a new term "skunkworks" has surfaced .
This term describes the existence of a small groups of researchers who are not bound by corporate rules and politics , whereas conventionally generated technologies tend to require ensuring the survivability of the head company .
There are several similarities and differences between the technologies generated by  "skunkworks"  and  conventionally generated technologies .
Products generated by each environment may appear similar  , but they actually differ in many ways  .
The  environment plays an important part in shaping their distinctive features .
The second similarity is that for both environments , generally large amount of money and support has to be put in by the head company .
This is simply because in order to produce cutting-edge technology , large amount of research has to be done .
Hence , long hours are required before any results are visible .
A few examples include GM developing the first electric car named IMPACT , Apple developing their first Macintosh computer and Xerox's attempt at developing the world's first personal computer .
Thus , it is evident that huge amount of financing and support is generally required in both environments .
The second difference between the two environments is the working environment presented to the engineers and researchers .
This has resulted in very different products being developed in each environment .
The "skunkworks" environment has been able to provide the developers with the  flexibility and freedom required to break traditional barriers and develop cutting-edge technologies .
Furthermore , "skunkworks" environment is very stressful as compared to the traditional corporate environment due to the lack of financing and hence , the room for error becomes much smaller .
The last and perhaps the most significant difference in the environments has to be the difference in the features of technologies developed by each environment .
The "skunkworks" environment has generally been able to develop technologies which are well received by the public and continue to bring success to the head company .
An example of such a difference is again present in the IMPACT car and the Toshiba laptop .
Under the stressful skunkworks environment , the researchers from Toshiba are able to think critically and design a product to meet the needs of the society .
On the other hand , the researchers from GM have failed to realize that the public and society were not ready for their invention .
The limitation of their product also meant that it was only open to a small market .
In conclusion , it is clear that the technology churned out by a "skunkworks" environment differs greatly from that of a conventionally generated technology .
The features and characteristics of the "skunkworks" technology set it apart from conventionally generated technology .
An innovation may come from different ways .
The idea of such an innovation can emerge though some research or it may be from some serendipitous discovery .
That is to say , the common viewpoint is not totally true .
On one hand , one technology may be developed and polished through numerous research and experiment with a lot of effort .
On the other hand , some technology may be discovered purely by chance .
Two typical representatives are the electric cars and the Warfarin .
The electric car is invented by some hardworking engineers , while Warfarin is discovered serendipitously .
Although they are initialized differently , there are several similar stages of developing process .
m vInnovations no way similarly ialized .
Generally , one technology that is developed thriesugh research often begins with the need for practical uses oA certain type of a social problem .
The electrical car is not an exception .
As the situation of the  , while anothers are exhausting , the need for inventing nonpolluexamples- saving cars is urgent .
Some government encourages automobile companies to produce environmentally friendlthe W cars .
Engibeing discoveredivation to design electric cars is obvious .
However , the discovery of Warfarin similaritieslin theent .
It is discovered by chance .
Nobody knew that the chemical in spoiled sweet clover key that led to cattle hemorrhage could actually be used as rat poison until the scientist Link accidentally found it .
He did not do it on purpose at all .
Even he himself was surprised when he found this chemical was highly lethal to rats .
In fact , the general belief that all technologies are initialized with a lot of effort is not quite true .
The solution to a completely irrelevant problem may hide behind the undergoing research , and eventually some great discovery is accidentally made .
tsthey bringthe publicway thatthat are developedTthey are not completed without confirmations from lab work and data .To sum up , technologies devethat existsvia research and from serendipitous discovery are quite differently initialized .
However , they are similar in the sense that they have to undergo thriments and research , and both can be very successful and bring benefit to the whole society .
During the process of developing innovations , regarcannotery little detailstraightawayd never letting go any chance discovery are most important .
Hopefully , successful technologies are produced by both means .
There are numerous problems that are faced by the world today .
Governments of different countries may have different agenda lists; however ,  aging population is definitely an issue present in the list .
Singapore makes it her top priority to create a safer environment for the elderly to live in .
Engineers play a huge role in assisting the government to achieve the aim of creating a better and safer environment for the elderly to live in .
With a safer environment , the welfare of the elderly will be improved and less social problems will occur .
Some examplesxamples of such engineering design are the building of ramps at the main entrance of the flats ,  handrails at the side of the stairs and providing buses for the wheelchair bound .
The pressing issue is to build a conducive environment for the old .
For example , the Housing Development Board (HDB) had implemented several designs to improve the convenience of the elderly , such as installing lifts on every storey and building wider internal corridors and hallways .
The designs had  proven to be useful for the flat holders  when the HDB first implemented them .
Thus , the government had implemented the Lift Upgrading Programme in 2001 , so that the owners have direct access to the lift at every floor .
According to Khandani (2005) , after each solution is generated , it must be tested and implemented to see the effects brought on by the solution .
In this case , there are positive effects associated with the engineering designs made for the HDB flats , and thus the government had implemented the solution throughout Singapore .
Generally , the engineering design process consists mainly of the five procedures mentioned by Khandani (2005) which includes defining the problem , gathering the relevant information , thinking of solutions to the problem , analyzing  and selecting one solution , and testing it out by implementing it .
Although all the steps mentioned by Khandani(2005) are crucial for designing a good engineering product , the most important step is to test  the solution and see  the public would response to it .
This is because every engineering product is designed to serve the people and  to bring a greater convenience to their lives .
In conclusion , engineering design is a never ending process , and it is the duty of the engineers to keep  coming up with solutions to solve the pressing issue of creating better products for the aging population .
An increasing  death rate due to traffic accidents has become a major problem in many countries .
The World Health Organisation (WHO) states that traffic accidents are in the ninth position among the reasons which lead to death .
When considering the European Union , 1 .3 million road traffic accidents occur each year , resulting in 1 .7 million injuries and over 40000 death annually( International Journal of Health Geographic) .
Even Singapore which implements strong traffic laws and regulations has also been affected by this traffic accident problem .
The accident rate per 10 ,000 vehicles has increased from 2 .34 in 2006 to 2 .60 in 2007 in Singapore ( Singapore Police Force) .
So , to reduce and solve the problem of traffic accidents , a new traffic system should be formed and it should be the current human need that should be given priority .
The engineering design process will be able to meet the need to form a new traffic system .
The  three important features in the engineering design process will cater to the need to form a new traffic system .
Another important feature is the idea generation process .
This is a very important process as it is the point where we will be able to come up with solutions to the problems .
In the process , we will be able to analyse the statistics/surveys that we have obtained and generate new ideas to solve the problem .
These solutions may include devices to identify speeding vehicles and  to make sure that there is sufficient spacing between vehicles .
The Netherlands was the first country to implement such road safety devices and they prove to be helpful as  road accident rates dropped by 25% in 2000 as compared to accident rates in 1985(citation) .
Gordon Walls states that the purpose of traffic planning is to provide a safe , convenient and economic movement of vehicles .
From this we can understand that it is essential to come up with a system which is useful in various ways .
So it is important to come up with ideas which will be  useful and economical  .
Thirdly , analysing and select the solutions will be the next step .
It is the point where we will  selecting the solution which best suits the current situation  .
The solution is then implemented and continuously reviewed .
In the field of information technology , there is a clear boundary between conventionally generated and skunkwork developed technologies .
Specifically , in the operating system (OS) market , there are two well-known examples--- the Mac OS developed by Apple and the free open-source Linux OS .
These two OS reflect the obvious difference between the two ways of developing technology in their hardware platform: interface and price .
The first main difference is their hardware platform .
While the Linux OS is simply no more than a software and runs on PC platform machines , the Mac OS is exclusively designed for the Mac platform manufactured by Apple .
Since Apple designs the hardware for Mac , it makes the operating system perfectly compatible with the machine .
That is one of the reasons why Mac OS has always been praised by art designers for its smooth performance and high definition graphics .
Meanwhile , Linux , coded in the skunkwork environment , does not have that much funds and ability to compare with Mac at that level .
However , Linux has its own advantage .
The second difference between Mac and Linux lies in their structures .
As an open source operating system , Linux' users are free to explore and modify the systems .
Mac users , on the other hand , are restricted from the entering the system files .
This makes the Linux OS more popular among computer programmers and others who work in the field of information technology .
According to Forbes , Linux is currently the most popular operating system for supercomputers .
It is agreed by programmers from largest IT corporations such as IBM and Sun Microsystems that Linux has so far the most suitable environment for high-performance computing .
Finally , there is the problem of security .
This is what Mac and Linux have in common .
Despite their different structures and platforms , the two operating systems are quite secured .
By not allowing modification of system files , a third party cannot hack into a Mac .
As for Linux , open-source only means users can read its source file .
With its secured configuration , it is still extremely hard to penetrate a Linux server .
On the other hand , the sociology aspect has to be considered as well .
Being a skunkwork project , Linux  has the advantage of price .
It is actually the only free operating system available .
However , this does not guarantee its popularity .
The requirement of a high level of computing  knowledge makes Linux not popular among the average computer users .
Mac , in contrast , was designed for  entertainment and it is easy to use .
Apple is also very efficient at advertising their product worldwide , and so even when Mac and its software are much more expensive than for a normal OS , they are still one of the most wanted .
Furthermore , with the  coming price drop , Mac is expected to be the operating system of choice for education and business .
It is not possible to define whether the conventionally generated OS or the skunkwork developed one is better .
However , each technology has its own pros and cons .
Therefore , the choice should be made based on the user's needs .
If it is a computer for an IT engineer , the choice would be Linux .
Oppositely , if the purpose is mainly for entertainment or paperwork , Mac would be the option .
Berman (2006) defines a hybrid car as one that encompasses an electric motor together with a conventional gasoline engine , with a computer controlling the interaction between the two .
They use fuel cells that convert hydrogen to electricity , which is then stored in batteries and is used to assist in the power surge required when climbing a slope or overtaking .
But why do we need hybrid cars when we have cars that run just as well on gasoline ?
Gasoline cars are already an integral part of our economy and lifestyle , providing us with mobility and personal freedom .
However , research shows that the world is fast approaches two billion cars (Sperling & Gordon , 2009) , and this poses a problem in the form of environmental pollution as well as causing adverse effects of our economy .
Environmental problems surrounding car production and usage are becoming an increasing threat to our world today .
According to Nieuwenhuis and Wells (1994) , "In the early 1900s , when gasoline cars starting gaining popularity , resources like gasoline and steel could still be found in abundance" (p .53) .
An increase in the number of cars on the road will mean an increase in the amount of oil burned , which in turn contributes to more air pollution .
Globally , transportation produces a quarter of all emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) , the primary green house gas , with some 10000 billion cubic metres of exhaust fumeapproachingleased annually (Nieuwenhuis & Wells , 1994) .
Every time a car is driven on the road , it is actually draining the world'scausestional petroleum onsources , and contributes more to global warming .
Materials like iron , steel , plastic , and glass , are mined from the Earth and are used in the construction of cars (Nieuwenhuis & Wells , 1994) .
At the end of the car's lifespan , those materials that cannot be reused are then thrown in a scrap pile , contributing to land pollution .
Hybrid cars solve part of these problems by using more reusable material like plastic , as well as making them lighter and rely more on electricity to reduce fuel consumption and carbon emissions (Berman , 2006) .
While the damage done by our continued reliance on cars and gasoline is severe , it is still not too late to do anything about it .
In order to prevent more serious economic and environmental damatic reductions in oil use and carbon emissions have to be made within the next decade .
Policy makers and carmakers need to change the vehicles they design and the energy and transport systems they are embedded in .
Relying on hybrid cars might just be one of the most feasible solutions we can look at to save our planet .
When a new virus or bacteria is introduced and the human population has no immunity , a pandemic will occur , causing widespread mortality .
In each century , influenza pandemics have occurred around 3 times , when a new strain of the influenza virus caused simultaneous deaths worldwide (Roche , 2006) .
Therefore , it is crucial to come up with solutions to prevent the spread of diseases .
For example , Penicillin , which was discovered serendipitously , helps to prevent one from getting bacterial diseases .
Furthermore , during the recent outbreak of the Swine flu , Tamiflu has been developed to treat it .
Both Tamiflu and Penicillin benefit the human population though they work on different micro-organisms .
Most  bacteria have  rigid cell walls , which prevent them from bursting when they are placed in solutions of lower salt concentration  .
Penicillin inhibits the formation of cell wall , which is essential for the survival of bacteria , and thus kills them off .
However ,  viruses do not have cell walls and thus Penicillin has no effect with them .
In contrast , Tamiflu works well on the influenza viruses .
An influenza virus is able to infect a host cell due to the presence of a neuraminidase .
Tamiflu is  neuraminidase inhibitor ,  and thus the virus is unable to exit the host cell and dies (Roche , 2006) .
Moreover , the virus is also unable to spread and infect other cells in the body .
Due to the distinct difference in the structures of virus and bacteria , Tamiflu and Penicillin perform differently on them .
Ever since the introduction of Penicillin , deaths from infectious diseases are very rare .
Nowadays , majority of the people die from circulatory diseases and respiratory diseases (World Health Organization , 2003) .
Penicillin  has the ability to cure people who are from the once-fatal bacterial diseases .
Similarly , Tamiflu has also proven to be effective in the treatment and  prevention of influenza in adults and in children .
Roche announced that two new observational studies had shown that influenza patients treated with Tamiflu had significantly higher survival rates than untreated patients and the analyzed outcomes targeted on two different groups -adults and children diagnosed with the highly pathogenic A (H5N1) avian influenza and adults hospitalized with seasonal influenza ("Two New Studies ," 2009) .
The human population has indeed benefited from both Penicillin and Tamiflu as the survival rates from bacterial diseases and influenza viruses have increased ever since they are introduced .
Regardless of whether the technology is developed via research or discovered serendipitously , it  hascontributed significantly to mankind .
New discoveries and creations are essential for the progress of mankind .
For instance , there is always a need for new and better anti-flu drugs as virus  mutate very easily and will soon acquire resistance to Tamiflu .
Resistance to Tamiflu has been detected in a patient in Singapore who was down with the pandemic Influenza A (H1N1) bug and similar cases have also emerged in Hong Kong , China , Japan , Canada , the United States and Denmark (Andy , 2009) .
Perhaps in a few years' time , the real cure for influenza virus will be discovered serendipitously and till that day , influenza virus will continue to be a threat to us .
A skunkworks is an especially enriched environment that is intended to help a small group of individuals design a new idea by escaping routine organizational procedures (Rogers , 2003) .
The 5th most influential man of this century and president of Apple Computer , Steve Jobs , created one of the most famous and successful skunkworks .
The fruit of this skunkworks is the popular Macintosh computer , which is in great demand worldwide till date .
According to Macworld , the iMac , i .e .
desktop version of the Macintosh computer , has become the biggest-selling personal computer of all time within three years of its launch (MacWorld , 8/15/01) .
In fact , Apple is the number one computer company in both Australia and Japan .
Obviously , there must be a reason behind the popularity of the Macintosh computer as compared to a conventionally generated innovation such as the Sony personal computer .
It would be most appropriate to explain this phenomenon by comparing the key features of the two different types .
Also , the next key feature would be the working conditions of a skunkworks as compared to a conventional environment .
About fifty highly dedicated young computer designers worked day and night at a secret lab that was located behind the Good Earth Restaurant in Cupertino (Rogers , 2003) .
The young computer designers did not require any permission or papers to go ahead with the procedures .
All of them were committed and goal-orientated .
With the leadership skills from Steve Jobs and resources provided to the skunkworks , the Macintosh computer was introduced in 1984 .
It only took 4 years for the skunkworks project to be completed .
Therefore , the skunkworks was hugely credited for its success .
However , in a conventional environment , there are restrictions and standard procedures to follow closely .
This will cause distractions and time wastage during the course of production .
On the whole , a skunkworks generated product would have a higher chance for consumers to adopt and accept as compared to a conventionally generated product due to the unique features of a skunkworks .
In addition , there could be an increase in the number of companies that opt for a skunkworks .
The serendipitously discovered technology is the smog-eating cement while the technology found via research is the carbon-dioxide eating cement .
The two technologies vary in many aspects .
One such aspect is the support that these technologies receive among people .
In the case of the smog eating cement , the technology received some negative feedback due to its serendipitous background .
Thomas Cahill who is an atmospheric scientist at the University Of California , Davis , criticized that the final outcome of this discovery is uncertain .
He also said that the advantages of this technology are only applicable in some situations (Miller , 2007) .
This shows that people question the validity of the serendipitously discovered technologies .
This is because these technologies are invented accidentally , in other words , by luck .
Majority of people look at serendipitous discovery with distrust as the technology was not invented via research .
Technology discovered through research is the norm and serendipitous discovery deviate from the norm .
Most people think that serendipitous discovery was not well analyzed and hence the inventors might not know the side effects that the technology might cause in future .
However , the case is different for the carbon-dioxide eating cement .
It was positively accepted by most people .
In fact , this technology was accepted by cement industries and environmentalists incorrect in-text citation .This clearly illustrates that a well researched technology gathers more support as it is perceived that a technology that has solid proof (via experimentations and research) has lesser unexpected outcomes in future , compared to a serendipitously discovered invention .
However , there are similarities between the two technologies .
Both the technology aims to improve the quality of air .
Basically , both try to reduce air pollution .
Furthermore , Howard Liljestrand (an expert in environmental chemistry at the University Of Texas in Austin) mentioned that the "cost-efficiency" of both the technologies lies on how the technologies work in the future (Povoledo , 2006) .
Hence , both technologies aim to improve air quality and have their own limitations on their performance in future .
To sum it all , a well researched technology receives a lot more support among people than a serendipitously discovered technology .
Furthermore , it also has a wider range of funding partners than the serendipitous discovery .
Although they differ in some aspects , they are similar in their goal: To improve the air quality .
In my opinion , serendipitously discovered technology faces problems when it comes to gathering support and marketing while a well researched technology faces problems during the research and development stage .
Therefore , technologies discovered in both ways face problems in different areas .
There is no advantage whatsoever for either technologies .
Bibliography
BIBLIOGRAPHY Hirschler , B .
(2009 , august 6) .carbon-eating "green" cement wins funds for UK firm .
Retrieved august 6 , 2009 , from REUTERS: http://www .reuters .com/article/latestCrisis/idUSL6198943 Jha , A .
(2009 , january 2) .
{Cement that Eats Carbon Dioxide Invented by British Scientists}[HYPERLINK: http://ecoworldly .com/2009/01/02/cement-that-eats-carbon-dioxide-invented-by-british-scientists/] .ECO worldly .
Retrieved january 2 , 2009 , from http://ecoworldly .com/2009/01/02/cement-that-eats-carbon-dioxide-invented-by-british-scientists/
Miller , L . (2007 , december 9) .
Smog eating cement .The New York Times .
Retrieved december 9 , 2007 , from http://www .nytimes .com/2007/12/09/magazine/09smogeatingcement .html Povoledo , E . (2006) .
Italians discover a smog-eating cement .
venice: Herald international Tribune .
Societal structure plays an important role in determining the evolution of a new innovation .
Norms and values from a social system will often heavily influence the technological design process .
This part of the development process is crucial to ensure that the innovation will be readily accepted by society .
The online video sharing website , Youtube , for example managed to grasp this concept and gained immense popularity within six months , hitting a peak of 4000 from 200 daily page views per million in May(Anderson , 2006) .
Youtube founders targeted the problems that most people faced; difficulty in sharing videos online and came out with many innovative solutions .
This resulted in a platform that enables web surfers to upload and play their videos online easily .
Being community-oriented , quickly catapults it to become the most popular video sharing site on the net .
In this present age , prevalent use of internet in many societies gave rise to a new "N-generation" .
Society's fast paced environmental and working conditions constantly mould the N-generation .
As such its behavioural pattern is one that expects fast efficiency and convenience as a norm .
One important feature of Youtube pertains to this idea and also contributes greatly to jumpstart its success .
The website is developed to integrate Macromedia flash player software tool that enable internet users to view youtube videos from their web browsers directly , without having to download it to their computers and view it with secondary video playing programs such as window media player (incorrect in-text citation) .
Thus , the time and computer hardware space needed to view a video is effectively  shortened to provide greater convenience .
This convenience and ease of use , appeals to many internet users who do not have very fast and stable internet connections by allowing them to watch their videos online as it downloads .
Also to incorporate efficiency into their design further , Youtube uses a standard video format that delivers reasonable video quality while minimizing download data size so that users will not experience choppy video pauses during video streaming .
Many N-generation web users also regard entertainment quality and media accessibility highly .
They access many other internet websites and are adept at using a wide variety of internet media devices .
This prompts Youtube to improve their content accessibility by designing its website to synchronise and be able to be viewed on other web surfing platforms such as the iphone , Apple TV (Apple , 2007) , PS3 and , Nintendo Wii game consoles ({Los Angeles Times}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Los_Angeles_Times][LAT] , 2009) .
Besides that , Youtube also implemented a function to embed their video in social networking websites such as facebook and blogs to allow for better accessibility to their media (Youtube , 2009) .
Furthermore , Youtube offers "high definition" video playback in which videos are shown at a higher resolution and superior sound to cater to high entertainment quality demands where enjoyment takes priority .
(Youtube , 2009) .
Greater accessibility unfortunately , also has a downside to it .
Since anyone can upload any video on to Youtube and allow anyone on Youtube to view it , many uploaded videos containing inappropriate content are easily accessible to minors .
For many societies , this is especially intolerable since it will violate their moral standing , conservative culture , religion and law .
Consequently , Youtube was faced with much criticism from the web community but it dealt with this problem promptly via introducing its content censorship policy .
Firstly , its terms of service forbid the uploading of offensive materials .
Secondly , adult web users are required to log in to verify their identity to view content classified as inappropriate for minors .
Lastly , it also relies on users to flag videos containing inappropriate content online which will activate a 24 hour review team to deal with it (James & Nicole , 2008) .
The three prong approach effectively clams down any users that try to violate the rules .
There is also another problem which stems from importance of copyright in society .
The exclusive right granted to the orginal original author to be credited for his work is valued to the extent that it  . . . became a law in many societies .
However , a huge amount of videos posted online consist of television shows , music videos , movies and animes that were without the permission of their creators .
This entangled Youtube in a series of pressing legal lawsuits from major media companies such as Viacom , Mediaset and EPL in an effort to protect their copyright material (BBC , 2008) .
Subsequently , this forced Youtube to introduce its "Video ID" system which will check uploaded videos with a database of copyrighted material and deny any uploading if it finds a match (Youtube , 2009) .
In summary , Youtube has managed to attain its dominant position on the net due to its ability to conform to the taste of its mainstream community web users while at the same time adhering to legal regulations .
It is also intensively consumer focused and very flexibleand is  able to adapt to the needs and demands of internet users quickly .
In addition , regular novel upgrades to its website continue to entice more webs surfers as well as generate more internet traffic to their website .
More advertising sponsors will be attracted to employ their services , and hence , sustain YouTube's continual success .
Youtube has grown so much that it became part of many people's media entertainment and web surfing experience .
With its huge influence on the cyber community , it might even become a platform which in turn will help shape our society in the future .
With this two sub-factors plus the slow acceptance of Bluetooth headset compared to other Bluetooth devices , potential manufacturers of the bike bug are deterred as it is not economically practical to mass produce the bikebikebugs .
It is therefore shown that for bike bugs to be successfully launched into society , much is needed to raise the bikebug's popularity among the public .
Reference:
Bluetooth special interest group .
2006 .
Mobile phones and headsets .
Retrieved from http://www .bluetooth .com/NR/rdonlyres/4E28B1F0-C1E3-419D-98EF-1DAC4C7A912D/0/IndustryStatSheet12 .pdf GeoHive .
2009 .
Population 2009 .09 .24 .
Retrieved from http://www .geohive .com/default1 .aspx
JoyRiders .
2006 .
History of Joyriders .
Retrieved from http://www .joyriders .sg/index .php/history-of-joyriders
Rogers , E .M . 2003 .
The generation of innovations .
In Diffusion of innovations (pp .
136-158) .
New York: Free Press Singapore Government .
1871 .
The gateway to Singapore official statistics .
Retrieved from http://www .singstat .gov .sg/
Conventionally generated technology and technology created in a skunkworks environment are methods of technology development which lead to the invention of innovations .
However , the processes that are taken through for developing an invention are different .
There will be two illustrations provided to compare on their development differences .
One would be on Compaq laptop computer; another would be on Toshiba laptop computer .
.
In 1982 , Compaq was trying to model the IBM's BIOS System as it was the most popular system in the past (Sysops , 2003) .
Being one of the manufacturers who wanted to outwit IBM , the inventors of Compaq pondered how to develop laptop computers that were faster ,  superior in qualities , and offered additional features to please consumers .
For this case , Compaq was in the mainstream of developing portable computers , but exceeded what IBM had to offer to consumers with  an awesome BIOS System .
In contrast , the problems of inventing the Toshiba laptop computer were not just about excelling in the laptop computer market .
When Tetsuya Mizoguchi , the inventor of Toshiba laptop computer envisioned developing a product which was compatible to an IBM system , he was obstructed by the fact that corporate leaders at Toshiba deemed the development of such a product as difficult (Rogers , 2003) .
Moreover , the company at that time suffered huge losses in marketing their personal computers .
With strong disagreement from the company , Mizoguchi could not realize his dreams of making laptop computers .
In spite of these differences , both Compaq and Toshiba flourished in the laptop computer market with innovations that were laboriously created .
In 1983 , more than 53 ,000 units of Compaq laptop computers were sold (Sysops , 2003) .
In 1986 , Toshiba made tremendous sales of ten thousand units within fourteen months (Rogers , 2003) . .
Though Compaq and Toshiba took different approaches in developing laptop computers , they had the same motive of creating great laptop computers and took part in the big pie in the market .
We are living in the flourishing era of telecommunication with hundreds of mobile phone brands all over the world .
However , Research In Motion Limited , or RIM - a Canadian wireless device company founded in 1984 - , with its smartphones BlackBerry , is still one of the most successful brands in the market with the revenue of US$ 11 .065 billion in Fiscal 2009 (RIM , 2009) .
The achievement of BlackBerry is an example of how social construction has led to the triumph of a technology .
Initially , BlackBerry smartphones were introduced for  plural , politicians and lawyers (McKenna , Waldie , & Avery , 2009) .
Therefore , the emphasized function of the smartphones at that time was to receive and send emails .
Consequently , BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES) was also released to help  businessmen keep track of their works and keep in touch with their employees .
As the demand of the 'so'called normal users increased , RIM had to evolve .
In fact , according to Dabrowski , the majority of subscribers in the three months which 'ended' on February 29th was "non-enterprise" users (Dabrowski , 2009) .
BlackBerry smartphones were made to become more accessible to the users by increasing the memory and embedding entertaining features such as music player , integrated camera , and 65 ,000-color display instead of monochrome display .
The remarkable launch of Apple's iPhone in 2007 was predicted to outdo the success of BlackBerry smartphones in the market .
Nevertheless , "despite the popularity of Apple's best-selling device , RIM still tops the league of smart phone sales" (Peel , 2009) .
Each group of users had different purposes of using the mobile phones .
The majority of iPhone users were young adults who were fascinated by the appealing appearance and entertaining features of iPhone .
On the contrary , BlackBerry users were into the phone for its outstanding support for working environment together with acceptable features for relaxation .
However , the launch of iPhone "was a boon for RIM as the touchscreen handset raised the public's awareness" (Peel , 2009) .
In 2008 , RIM introduced Storm , its first touchscreen device instead of a physical keyboard .
The release of Storm marked a milestone for RIM when it gave up its well-known QWERTY keyboard to give way for a new trend .
Sarcastically , BlackBerry Storm did not yield the expected outcome .
Its SurePress touchscreen was a hindrance to fast typing .
It seemed that RIM realized its failure in providing the users with a convenient experience using the touchscreen device .
The latter BlackBerry smartphones were equipped with fully-support QWERTY keyboard , a preferable feature by BlackBerry users .
"Perhaps RIM's success continues to be a surprise because it appears to defy the prevailing model for which companies thrive and which companies fail in personal technology" , "but RIM is an example of how smart engineering and a keen understanding of customers can allow a small company to survive in the shadow of better-financed giants" (Austen , 2004) .
In other words , RIM has defied all odds and survived due to its understanding of the needs of its users , the risks from its enemies , and other social factors that could shape the success of an innovation .
Firstly in the case of SwRI , the main objective (SwRI , 2009b) of the development is to produce enhanced exterior coating for electronic components that has to withstand high level of wear and tear .
Some examples on the form of deterioration can be caused by (SwRI , 2009b) over exposure to strong sunlight , corrosion by polluted vapour and severe collision with firm particles .
Therefore SwRI wants to develop a technology that can fabricate extremely robust , impermeable and durable coatings .
On the other hand , CWRU wants to develop (ScienceDaily [SD] , 2009) a packaging technology to maintain the freshness of consumable product .
In order to do so , there is a need to boost the exterior packaging of a material so that the material is able to prevent destructive gases from passing through it and at the same time minimize the use of the material during production .
Next on methodology , SwRI adapts their (SwRI , 2009b) PEMS technology to produce an exceptionally strong and solid nanocomposite covering for the components .
This technology uses global plasma to eliminate unwanted deposits before performing the coating process .
In addition the use of high ion flux allows the layer of covering to be held onto the material more firmly .
Combining this technology (SwRI , 2009b) with nitride-based nanocomposite coating , SwRI is able to produce an even tougher coating than by a single-phase coating .
In contrast , CWRU discovered its technology by means of serendipitous finding , the group realized that (SD , 2009) polyethylene oxide (PEO) crystallizes as a single layer is able to produce extraordinarily gigantic and impermeable single crystals .
This discovery allows the group to minimize the amount of raw material used tremendously and at the same time reduce the passing of particles by more than 100 times , (SD , 2009) .
On the whole , it is not important whether a technology is discovered via research or by serendipity discovery and given a similar technology it is not necessary for them to have similar objectives , applications and methodologies .
This is because the most important issue is that both the technologies are able to improvise the outer layer of materials , making them more durable and long lasting .
For example like the wings of the airplane , with the help of the new discovery they are now more resistible to the air pressure and strong air resistances .
Hence both the developments can be considered big contributions to the world technology .
Robotics technology plays a significant role in the military forces of modern era .
Many nations , especially the United States , are increasingly focusing their research on the field of robotics today for military purposes during war time .
Their research focus is attributable to the change in today's war strategy and tactics where the enemy is no longer easily noticeable in the open as easy targets , as Randall Steeb , senior scientist at Rand Corporation , points out (Voth , 2004) .
As a result , an important technology called the Battlefield Extraction-Assist Robot (BEAR) was invented in 2006 and the invention was caused by a growing demand for robots to perform more perilous tasks in place of the soldiers , particularly in the areas of search-and-rescue and hazardous materials handling (Antal , 2009) .
Firstly , search-and-rescue is a crucial mission that is better performed by robots than the combat medics during times of war .
One of the reasons is the way military robots are built and configured .
For example , robots such as BEAR are built to be more robust than a human being to carry wounded soldiers over long distances and are configured to be capable of overcoming obstacles such as stairs or rough bumpy grounds during the rescue (Atwood & Klein , 2007) .
Another reason is that it reduces the risk of losing a human's life .
For instance , in situations where robots are not used , wounded soldiers will have to depend on their medics to search for them .
During the search , the movement of the medics might draw the enemy's attention and trigger them to attack .
On the other hand , if the robots are used and they are attacked by the enemy , the military team can  simply deploy new robots at strategic locations where the robots can avoid any chance of encountering the enemy .
Another impetus for the innovation is the ability of the robots to handle hazardous materials .
Due to the unpredictable environment of the battlefield , dangerous materials such as hidden explosives can be planted at any point by the enemy .
As such , the robots are needed by the military to help detect and locate the positions of the hidden explosive devices and then defuse them before they explode .
Robots of such configuration like BEAR have also become a part of the U .S . military operations .
Over the recent years , for example , robots with such capabilities have been greatly used by the United States to disable numerous bombs in the battlefield in Iraq and Afghanistan (Minkel , 2008) .
And as a result of their successes , there is an increase in the demand of bomb-defusing robots .
On the whole , changing demands of war strategy today has led to the increase in the research and development of more advanced and sophisticated technological innovations such as BEAR to perform search-and-rescue in place of the combat medics and to handle and remove dangerous explosives and other hazardous materials hidden on the battlefield .
In the years to come , the world can expect to see the use of the advanced military robots to be an integral part of every nation's military force .
The usage of miniature UAVs in the military are common today with the Lockheed Martin and Aerovironment being the two main competitors .
The Lockheed Martin (Lockheed Martin , 2009) has been proactive with skunkwork invention ever since  , pioneered by L .Kelly Johnson .
On the other hand , the Aerovironment adopts conventional processes for invention .
Recent years have shown that the Desert Hawk created under the skunkwork environment has not been performing as well as the Raven made by the Aerovironment .
Lockheed Martin and Aerovironment both built the UAV based on the similar roles and functions for military use .
The primary role is to provide day and night low altitude reconnaissance to provide early warning for any potential threat (Lockheed Martin , 2006 & Aerovironment , 2009) .
The secondary role of the UAV is to provide target acquisition for the manned aircraft to minimise the chance of any danger to the pilot .
The UAV are designed to be easily operated and lightweight for the ease of operating it from almost all terrains and conditions .
* Staff Sgt .
C . Todd Lopez (2004) .
Desert Hawk gives security forces an eye in sky .
Retrieved September 2009 , from http://www .af .mil/news/story_print .asp ?storyID=123008201
Apart from the similar roles , the Aerovironment is able to stand out with their functions .
As the UAV o operate on all types of terrain , conventional landing method was not used .
However ,  has adopted two different ways to land .
The Desert Hawk was designed for crush landing (Staff Sgt .
C . Todd Lopez , 2004) .
This was not very popular among the users as it will affect the durability of the machines .
In contrast , the Raven  use of  advance programming to aid landing by making the UAV to experience deep stalling mode (Army Technology , 2009) to greatly reduce speed and impact for landing .
This function helps the user to reduce cost on maintenance .
With the rich history of the Lockheed Martin's skunkwork environment , everyone would expect them to be above or at least on par with their competitors .
In this example , it was proved that the conventional process of innovation won the competition .
With all the improvement and continuous development , it makes the future generation of UAV to be better than what we have today .
Reference * Aerovironment (2009) .
Raven RQ-11B .
Retrieved September 2009 , from http://www .avinc .com/downloads/AV_RAVEN-INT_V10109 .pdf
* Army Technology (2009) .
RQ-11 Raven Unmanned Aircraft System , USA .
Retrieved September 2009 , from http://www .army-technology .com/projects/rq11-raven/
* Defense Update , International online defense magazine (2006) .
Desert Hawk Miniature UAV .
Retrieved September 2009 , from http://www .defense-update .com/products/d/deserthawk .htm
* Lockheed Martin Corporation (2006) .
Desert Hawk III , Putting Capability in the Hands of the Warfighter .
Retrieved September 2009 , from http://www .lockheedmartin .com/data/assets/14502 .pdf
* Lockheed Martin Corporation (2009) .
Skunk Works .
Retrieved September 2009 , from http://www .lockheedmartin .com/aeronautics/skunkworks/
Technology has been evolving fast throughout in the 50 years .
New products are invented every day .
In fact , these technologies may be categorized into two types: conventional  and skunkworks .
One example would be Mac laptop and Toshiba laptop .
Mac laptop was created by Apple in a conventional way whereas Toshiba laptop , the first laptop in the world , was produced in a skunkworks environment .
We may evaluate both of them by investigating their designs , durability , and portability .
As laptop is created for the convenience of the customers , both Mac laptop and Toshiba laptop are similar in their portability .
Being the first laptop producer , Toshiba was successful in turning the idea of portable computer into reality .
The smallest laptop it produced , Toshiba's Libretto U100-S213 , has only the size of 21 .0 x 3 .33 x16 .51 cm and weighs  2 .2 pounds .
Obviously , it is much more portable than many of the other laptops .
On the other hand , Apple has also released its highly portable laptop called Macbook Pro which is the thinnest 17-inch laptop in the world .
Since it has the smallest thickness , its weight is also very small .
Hence , we can see that both Mac laptop and Toshiba laptop are similar in their portability .
However , in spite of being highly portable , Mac laptop and Toshiba laptop have significant differences in their designs and durability .
Apple aimed to make Mac its own unique laptop .
As a result , the corporation spent a lot of time in designing Mac laptop .
Mac laptop is designed to be beautiful in its appearance and advanced in its operating system and software .
Its fashionable design has brought it many customers , especially the young people .
According to a Student Monitor survey conducted in US in 2009 , 43 percent of the university undergraduates in US preferred to buy Mac laptops .
While Apple works hard to ensure that Mac laptop has the most gorgeous design , Toshiba focuses more on the performance instead of the design of the laptop .
Despite the change in size , Toshiba put little effort in changing the appearance of the laptop .
There has not been dramatic changes in the design of Toshiba laptop over the last 20 years .
Besides , the two brands of laptop also differ in their durability .
Since the lifespan of the laptop might be difficult to measure , we can investigate the durability of their batteries .
The battery is the most significant device of a laptop .
Computer engineers always endeavor to enhance the quality of the laptop batteries in order to enable the laptop to work longer without plugging in A/C supplier .
The latest Macbook Pro has achieved the maximum working time of 8 hours on a single charge .
In order to achieve this , Mac has adopted two innovations , which are bigger battery pack of lithium-ion cells as well as adaptive charging .
The battery pack in Macbook Pro occupies the space of the removable battery and obtains  40 percent more capacitance .
In addition , adaptive charging reduces the wear and tear on the battery and gives it a much longer lifespan .
In contrast , although Toshiba has also adopted lithium-ion cell battery pack in its laptop , the longest battery life was measured to be 5 .1 hours , which is much shorter than Macbook Pro .
Therefore , in terms of design and battery durability , Mac laptop has  better performance than Toshiba laptop .
On the whole , there are quite a number of similarities and differences between a conventional technology and a skunkworks technology , just like Mac laptop and Toshiba laptop .
Although Mac laptop seems to have a bigger market , Toshiba never stops innovating new types of laptops .
In addition , without Toshiba , we may not see Mac laptop today .
It is hard to conclude which technology is better: conventional or skunkworks .
They both have their advantages and disadvantages .
As long as the importance of the innovation is highlighted , the development of the technology would be bright .
When the first laptop was developed , Japanese computer users found it hard to work .
This was mainly due to the lack of space for a desktop computer .
Furthermore , most of the Japanese did not have a computer at home .
These factors clearly show that there are favorable market conditions for the development of a portable computer in Japan .
Hence , thesedrove Tetsuya Mizoguchi to develop a portable computer , although the idea was rejected by his company , Toshiba (Rogers , 2003) .
He recognized the market potential of the portable computer and continued to develop a portable computer without his company's knowledge .
The laptop could have  developed much earlier , if Toshiba had taken the risk to develop the portable computer .
During that time , Toshiba had just suffered huge losses with the failure of their latest personal computer (Rogers , 2003) .
Therefore , they were unwilling to take risks , and stuck to known methods that worked .
If the leaders in Toshiba had been willing to take the risk to believe in Mizoguchi's idea , the laptop would have  developed much earlier and will not have taken 2 years to be developed .
The quality of the laptop would have also been much better , as they will have more funds and more talented people to develop the laptop .
After the first laptop was successfully developed , Toshiba still refused to market the laptop .
Fortunately , the idea of the laptop was not discarded , as it was later marketed aggressively by Toshiba Europe , which felt that the portable computer has great market value (Rogers , 2003) .
It proved the Toshiba Company wrong , as the laptop proved to be a great marketing success , with 10000 units sold in just slightly over one year .
This  resulted in the birth of the laptop , as it started gaining popularity .
The laptop's rising popularity led to the innovation of the laptop , as it was a great marketing success .
This has also led other companies to develop their own laptops; so as to gain a portion of the market share .
With more competition , each company  constantly tried to outdo each other by constantly developing and promoting their latest plural .
This trend has stayed on even till today , where we can see many different brands of laptops competing with each other .
The case of the birth of the laptop shows us that a good and feasible idea could be discarded and not be used , if they were not given the opportunity to be developed .
In the case of the laptop , we may not be able to see a laptop today if Mizoguchi did not aggressively push for his idea .
This shows that an idea , even if it is workable and has obvious benefits , will not be developed properly without the support required .
Therefore , an innovation will only become a product , if factors such as economic , government support and usability of the product supports the development of the innovation .
In Singapore , there are two problems that many Singapore engineers may face when designing and innovating .
The first problem might be the lack of key qualities like creativity and an open mindset caused by the kind of education system we have and the environment we grew up in , while the second problem might be the aging population in our country .
These might  be the two factors hindering local engineers from producing potentially creative innovations .
Firstly , Singapore engineers lack the creativity and it might be due to the kind of education system in Singapore .
The lack of creativity will definitely lead to problems faced by engineers when it comes to innovating new products .
Singapore's education system is more curriculum-based or in other words more book-based .
Even though there are "Art" lessons and "Design & Technical" subjects in secondary schools , it is still not enough to allow students to explore and nurture their creativity and designing abilities .
Modules and Subjects that explore a student's designing talent and abilities are only made available during the later years of their studies .
For example , students can only study these modules during their Polytechnic or University years .
Therefore we can see that students are only encouraged to  explore and express their creativity during their tertiary years of studies .
I feel that a short 3 to 4 years of tertiary studies is not enough to properly allow students to fully develop their creativity .
This will therefore affect them when they enter the working society as professional engineers .
Without enough creativity , local engineers are bound to face problems in their course of work , which is mainly innovating .
In addition , local engineers are also more "traditional" in terms of their mindset , in other words "kiasi" and kiasu" .
Many local engineers possess this kind of mindset and it is probably because of the environment they grew up in and accustomed to .
We Singaporeans are very well protected and taken care off in our country thus it is only natural that the "kiasi" and "kiasu" characteristics manifest in us .
Due to this mindset problem , local engineers are often not willing to take risks as they are afraid of failures .
Local engineers might be able to think out of the box but they usually dare not venture out of it and apply their ideas to their innovations .
Thus this might affect them in a way that by not trying out new and refreshing ideas , the end product of their innovations would definitely  lack lustre and appeal .
Therefore , with this problem local engineers are bound to face problems while innovating .
Secondly , the aging population in Singapore might have contributed to the problems faced by Singapore engineers .
As we  ,  the aged in Singapore might not be as tech savvy as the youngsters .
With an aging population , it means that older citizens form a relatively huge percentage of the total population in Singapore thus it also applies to the consumer market .
Many older citizens are unable to keep up with the pace of changes taking place in the current society and are usually slower when it comes to learning and adapting to new technologies and innovations .
Therefore , with this problem in mind , local engineers often face challenges that require them to come up with innovations and create products that not only appeal to the younger generation of Singaporeans but also to cater to the aging population .
In all , the problems mentioned above may potentially hamper local engineers from coming up with good ideas and innovations .
Therefore we might need to first look into the causes of the problems such as the Singaporeans' "Kiasi" and "Kiasu" mindsets caused by the kind of environment we live in and probably the education system for the younger generations in Singapore .
As is known to all , nowadays  ,science and technology are playing a more and more important part in social society .
We can even say that science and technology have been treasured so much that they are almost treated as a symbol of a country' strength .
Design , therefore , as an important source of more advanced science and technology , is being valued more and more by people and even countries .
As the saying goes , knowledge is wealth , knowledge is power .
In spite of such facts , however , there are still some problems appearing in our country which hamper engineering design processes for innovation .
As a result , in the long run , the problems will make a bad effect on the development of science and technology .
The first problem that hampers engineering design is the old education style .
In China , we attend classes just to remember useful knowledge which can be applied in the exam .
We are always adapting such a teaching pattern that teachercountry'sand students memorize .
That is to say , teachers never value the importance of training students' thinking ability .
Besides , in the examination , we only solve problems with methods that teachers taught us and almost never think about other methods .
In other words , faced with a problem , we cannot solve it using our own methods .
What is more , teachers also do not pay much attention to practical activities , such as social research and experiment class .
In fact , they just think It a waste of time .
iconsiderTo be a designer or inventor , the most important and also the basic quality is creativity .
Only when scientists have rich experience and various methods can they succeed in their work .
Also , before they can begin to design , they must know about their objectives first .
That is to say , before they design and innovate , they must know what to create first .
During the process , they must know how to design .
But due to the current teaching style , students do not have any aim and ability to create and invent .
The second problem is rules in the protection of inventions .
Since China has been built for less than one decade , it is certain that there are some problems in the laws and rules .
As a matter of fact , China does not realize the importance of laws in protection of invention in stimulating development of science and technology .
As a result of the defect in invention law , the production invented by scientists cannot be protected very well .
Therefore , many scientists may make an invention , only to find that it was stolen by others and their works made no effect .
In such conditions , scientists will be discouraged from inventing to some extend .
extentdo not have any effect .isDue to the above two problems , Chinese Engineering design was harmed seriously .
To help China make great improvement in science and technology , we must pay attention to design .
In other words , we should create a good environment for design and solve problems that hamper the design process .
It is time for governments to take measures to make improvement in education and laws .
In Singapore there are many constraints which hamper the engineering process for innovations .
As of such , engineers have to resort to new means and ideas when they design a system .
The two main problems are the ageing population and the mindset of Singaporeans .
In this year's National Day Rally Speech , Prime Minister Lee Hsein Loog mentioned about the rapidly increasing ageing population .
This fact is very true and real .
The birth rate in Singapore is not able to support the uprising ageing population .
The impact of it can be very problematic if not dealt with prudently .
Firstly , the majority of the elderly population are often not in touch with the newer technologiesand most of them are unable to handle modern gadgets .
As of such , they often resort to using more simplified means such as the telephone .
Secondly , they are resistant to change .
If given the choice to send a letter , they would rather manually write the letter and send it via mail then to send an email .
Because they are technologically impaired , they would prefer to use more traditional methods .
Lastly , an ageing population would mean the special care that to be directed in order to cater to the needs of them .
Devices must be easy to operate and their welfare must be taken into account .
Following that , the mindset of Singaporeans also plays a big role .
Singaporeans are very money minded .
This is due 'to' the kind of society we are brought up in .
Electric Road Pricing , Certificate of Entitlement and housing cost all cultivates us to be money conscious .
In fact Singapore is one of the most expensive place to live in .
Hence Singaporeans are more unwilling to take risks as the cost of failure would be very tough to recover from .
We are reluctant to invest in research and explore new frontiers .
In addition , there is a lack of creativity nowadays .
New products in the market are similar to already existing products .
Take Apple's iTouch for example .
Ever since its release , all the major phone companies such as Nokia , Samung and Sony Ericsson have released their own versions of a touch screen device .
This lack of creativity does not only relates to Singaporeans but it is a global phenomenon .
As of such , these two problems can really hinder the growth of engineers in Singapore .
Engineers have to take into account the feebleness of the elderly and their technological constraints .
Extra care and effort must be provided to consider the safety and wellbeing of the elderly .
Moreover due to the trend , products must be centered on them rather than youths .
Engineers would also need to open up to more ideas and research .
Although getting their financial support might be a challenge , it is something they have to overcome in order to progress .
Our government does in fact provide some kind of incentives to researchers .
In short , although the ageing population and the mindset of Singaporeans may prove to be a challenge to engineers , it is possible to overcome them .
Engineers must be open to new ideas , adept to their target consumers and be willing to take risks .
The movie star , Paul Newman said , "I never learnt as much in the classroom as I did staring out a window and imagining things .
"() Generally , design is a process of an imagination being produced by a human .
How creative or attractive the product is  will depend on the imagination of a designer , regardless of which area a designer focuses on .
However , by producing an innovative product on the market , it is not an easy task to achieve .
Most of the time , it is often hindered by multiple realistic problems .
There are two major problems which hamper engineering design processes for innovation .
The first problem is due to government related issues while the second is related to  environmental issues .
First of all ,  government related issues will affect the engineering design process .
This is because an engineering design involves a series of complicated steps such as drafting outline , analysis and problem-solving as well as product implementation and the final testing of the product before being shipped to the market .
Furthermore , the designing process is a long term investment as it may require engineers to spend a lot of time and money in order to come out with an innovative product .
Therefore , the support of the government will lead to a different outcome .
A good government will come out with a clear policy to help its people along the way such that 'it' financially  supports the engineers and  provides sponsors for other organizations to assist in the work of an engineer .
On the other hand , a bad government such as a corrupted government will make the design process come to a standstill .
As a result , it may end up in failure eventually .
However , even if the engineers have received  financial support from the government or other organisations , the funding may be limited sometimes due to long term processes which involve problem solving methodology and testing for the innovative design to be carried out .
At the same time , the government and the companies will doubt 'whether' this engineering design is workable or not if it takes too long to progress .
Therefore , the engineers will come across problems due to insufficient funding and eventually it leads to a standstill .
The second problem that hinders the engineering design is the environmental issues .
Frankly speaking , there are engineers who only care about the profit they are going to make and do not 'regard' the effects 'that these designs' bring to our environment . .
Therefore , they may come out with ideas for their own interest and benefit .
For instance , in Taiwan , the most popular transport is motorbike .
Everyone owns one , especially in Taipei .
In order to meet the demand in the market and to attract more people to buy , different designs for the motorbike are also invented .
However , due to the increase in demand for motorbikes , the use of motorbikes results in environmental problems such as air pollution and resource depletion of fossil fuel .
Therefore , the fossil-fueled motorbikes are forbidden in some countries .
In conclusion , I do think that  government policies and environmental issues will hinder the engineering design for innovation .
A good government has to come out with a clear policy to benefit  its people 'as well' as be concerned about the environment environment .
Otherwise , most of the engineering design for innovation could be a failure 
There are many different types of engineering disciplines in Singapore .
Basically , according to Jonathan Dunder (p .2 - 9) , there are eight different types of engineering .
These are the architectural , biomedical , civil , computer , electrical , industrial , mechanical and software engineering .
Each serves different engineering industries .
For architectural , it is more related to designing of buildings for commercial , residential and industrial purposes .
As for biomedical , it is the design of devices intended to be used in medicine .
Civil engineering is the focus of structuring designs for infrastructure such as bridges and roads .
Electrical engineering is the designing of electronics , software engineering is the designing of software applications that relates to operating system whereas computer engineering is the combination of software and electronic engineering which focuses on both the engineering design .
Industrial engineering is the designing of multiple manufacturing products while lastly  mechanical engineering , which is the oldest of the engineering field , is the designing of the mechanical systems .
There are so many engineering fields .
So what is engineering actually ?
According to Jonathan Dunder (p .1) , engineering is the designing , troubleshooting and testing of products 
Designing of engineering innovation may take up to several years of processes to see the ideal final output product coming to reality .
Innovation involves three different stages of journey .
There is the creativity , when several ideas come to mind , followed by the process where these ideas  slowly turn to reality by  .
Finally is the entrepreneurship process where innovations are introduced into the new market .
During these stages of innovation , different problems are faced by  engineers .
Some of these problems are significant enough that may affect  the progress\development of the innovation Problems do occur in Singapore during each and every innovating design by the engineers .
Here , two of the major problems  will be discussed .
Engineers are needed in the entire process of every innovation to plan , troubleshoot , build and install the equipments in order to make the innovation a successful one .
Experienced engineers are needed in the Organization to speed up  the innovation process .
So here , in Singapore , the first major problem faced in the innovation designing process is the high salaries by the senior , experienced engineers and the fresh graduate engineers from the ITEs , Polytechnics as well as the Universities .
, a statistics report done by 3 .5 million members in terms of the numbers of working yearssingular in the engineering world , shows that the longer the singularand the higher the qualification , the higher the monthly wages will be  The ageing-population in Singapore  will increase tremendouslydelete this phrase and insert 'and' only 40-45% of graduates in ITEs , Polytechnics and Universities are trained in some form of  .
( organizations in Singapore , in order to proceed with their innovations ,  have no choice but to turn  to the more senior and experienced engineers .
This will in fact slow down the process of innovation as the organizations in Singapore have to think of ways to increase their innovation budgets to pay the engineers .
In conclusion , it is not an easy process for an innovation to be out in the market .
Organizations in other countries too meet  many significant difficulties during their innovation designing process .
But there  are a few  successful innovations  by organizations in Singapore such as Creative Technology .
Now the credit cards are very popular in the world .
For example the circulation of credit cards in China jumps from 3 million in 2003 through 50 million in 2006 to 122 million in 2008 ("What is credit card" , n .d .) .
We can see the increasing speed is very fast .
However , before 1920s none knew what the credit card was .
How is the magical card created ?
Which factors lead to its production ?
I think there are three factors which contribute to the production of credit card .
contributedledFirs , from the technical perspective , the invention of magnetic stripe card technology makes it possibjumpedat credit card itself catod data of receipts and disbursements .
Moreoecard's service and make a strong link between the card and our wasily life .
Secondly , from an economical perspective , it can be summarized in two points: one is the consumption concept implied in thlivesedit card that consumption before payment .
The most important character of credit card is overdraft .
It mebroadenedn though one does notcardmplural handmade still possesses the ability of payment .
So the credit card can solve the instant shortage of money .
Also it to some extent increases the value of goods .
For example , one has to spend twenty days on saving money and then before he affords to buy a nice coat .
But if one has a credit card , everything remains same except that he gets the nice coat twenty days earlier .
So one earns the extra twenty-day usage of the coat thanks to the credit card .
This function of the credit card stimulates people's consumption desire .
So many countries encourage releasing credit cards to stimulate domestic demand and promote economic development .
The other point is that the credit card saves a lot of manpower and material resources .
With globalization going on , more people travel around the world and money circulates more quickly .
The credit card adopts the electronic fund transfer , which reduces banks transferring a large amount of cash from one place to another .
It does save a lot of work .
,Thirdly , from a social perspective , credit card brings a lot of convenience to our life .
There are several simple methods of paymen , that 'is'g credit card such as punching the card on POS machine and RFID machine , network payment and telephone payment .
No matter when and where it is , one can get money by credit card instead of carrying a lot of cash .
This character of credit card makes iadapt to the pac'it' increasesrn life .
China is a developing country .
On her way to be more modern , one of the key points is to improve engineering design ability .
However , in China , there are  some problems humping the developing of engineering designs .
From my point of view , two of the main problems are  the government system and people's minds .
Besides the problems in governmental system , some social conventional concepts can also obstruct the improvement of engineering designs .
Many have got used to the old things .
They just want to do the same things every day .
They are afraid that they cannot control changes in their daily  lives These people may never think about inventing new techniques .
Moreover , they may also block other persons' way to innovate , because they think the men are showing off or have bad effects on their lives .
This concept has negative influences .
On the one hand people do not want to do new engineering designs and discourage others to do so .
On the other hand , even though there are new techniques which can make a difference , people do not want to use it .
As a  , seldom can designs be applied into practice .
Inventors become less and less .
The two problems mentioned above are serious in China .
They have bad effects on the development of engineering techniques in China .
However , as the world becomes more competitive and "smaller" , the government and public have realized the importance of sane policy and innovation .
I believe in the near future we can do much better .
From the research , the World Health Organization assumes that about 80% of all disabled people worldwide live in developing countries .
It is also estimated that there are 600 million disabled people in the worldwide , which is about 10% of the world population .
Among these disabled people , 1987 data from the World Health Organization estimate that 27-35 million people are blind in the world , of which about 20% in Africa and 65% live in Asia .
Moreover , 14-17 million people have serious visual damage .
The amount of blind is rising , first because of rapid increase in population size in developing countries; and second despite of increased longevity , as ageing is concerned with visual loss from cataract , glaucoma and macular degeneration .
That is why it is hard to make prediction in future numbers of blind because of unknown quantity in population growth .
Hence , the first solution is to invent and innovate equipments that help combat with blindness .
Building eyes treatment center is another way to reduce blindness .
The last thing that cannot be left out is giving proper jobs and appropriate training for blind people .
Secondly , builg eyes treatment center where patients can get treat and buy thtthat are user- friendlyt .
Additionally , an attempt will be made to work with private initiators in order to build treatment center which is run only by people who are blind and have visually damage .
Siparadigmsing the special treatment for approachesd videliverage people is a once- only expense , but it is very expensive .
So to finance these expenses , we have to set up community services activities such as fund raising .
In conclusion , blind people should also have same opportunities as everyone else which means to get a freedom from extreme limitation , to accomplish and to be able to having confidence .
So that other peopblind workingrespect to them .
Moreover , their passions are same as others .
They too have same dreams and assurance that they can reach their target .
If blind people get the same chance as sighted people , they surely can achieve the same quality of life .
targetsthe sameshaveThis .Resources:
"Harris , L . (1998) .
The NOD/Harris survey of Americans with disabilities .
New York: National Organization on Disability . "
"International Day of Disabled People (3rd December 2007) .
Retrieved September 5 , 2009 from http://www .handicap- international .org .uk/page_384 .php"
"Allen Foster and Gordon J . Johnson , Institute of Ophthalmology , 27 Clayton Street , London EC1V 9E J , UK (5th January 1990) .
The impact of International Ophthalmology 14: 135-140 , 1990 ."
According to AutoCar Magazine (2008) in China , there are about 2600 new gasoline cars on the road everyday in Beijing , Shanghai , Tianjin and Guangzhou .
The rapid increase of  cars exhausts more carbon dioxide which is actually worsening the Green House effect .
People really need some innovation to solve this problem and save our earth .
Although countries like the US have already spent more than 10 years to do research and development on electric cars (e-car conversions) ,  there are still two main problems that significantly affect its growth in the market of China .
The government support is one of the main difficulties that prohibit the development of electric cars .
First of all , the running duration of  electric cars is what the government is concerned about .
By using the most advanced batteries , a fully charged electric car can run about 160km () .
However , compared to  gasoline cars which can last for 500 to 600 km , the distance travelled by the electric cars is still considered as too limited .
The government worries that the electric cars will restrict the development and expansion of the big big cities due to its short running duration .
Second , the cost for building the infrastructure of the electric cars is really a big amount of money .
There are about 600 cities in China .
Imagine how much it costs if the battery charging facilities are built in every car park .
Besides that , the development of the electric car industry will definitely affect traditional gasoline car industries  Thousands of petrol stations will have to close  petrol related service industries will also be severely affected .
As a result , many people working in these areas will lose their jobs .
The government is reluctant to see such kinds of bad influence to the economy .
In conclusion , the government will not support the development of the electric car .
Another main problem is that building of electric cars may affect our environment .
Many people suggest building electric cars  is eco friendly .
However , the major source of electricity comes from coal power generation in China .
Although there are wasted gas treatment processes in those factories , carbon dioxide emission is still unavoidable .
The only advantage is that the factories have high efficiency  resources resulting in  less pollution .
Besides that , making use of batteries will also have negative influence on the earth .
Normally , batteries are not biodegradable and there are toxic substances , such as mercury , inside the batteries ) .
If people do not treat them properly , the toxic substances may flow into soil and rivers and affect our environment .
In conclusion , government support and bad influence of the environment are two main reasons that restrict the development of electric cars .
For making use of the electric cars in our daily life , the engineers still have a long way to go .
According to a new report from the Economist Intelligence Unit , Japan is the most innovative nation in the world , followed by Switzerland , the US and Sweden .
() Over the last decade , Japan has created many new technologies and creative innovations in different fields such electronic industry , transportation and nanotechnology .
However , there is not much innovation and invention in my home country , Malaysia .
The proudest innovation might be the creation of our own car , PROTON , which was created quite a long time ago .
In my opinion , I think there are two main problems that hamper innovation process in Malaysia .
The first problem is lack of appropriate source of finance and the second problem would be the mindset of Malaysians .
In  2003 , Malaysian Science and Technology Information Centre (MASTIC)  conducted national surveys of innovation and discovered that , in Malaysia , there are about 800 innovating companies .
However , 90% of them are self-funding companies .
() Hence , lack of financing resources has became the major problem for them .
Obviously , they need help from the government .
Unfortunately , Malaysia is claimed to be a developing country .
Therefore , the Malaysian government would concentrate more on agriculture and allocate most of their budget into it .
This apparently would affect the operation of innovation as financing resources is the biggest concern in an innovation process .
Furthermore , to develop innovation across a nation , mindset of citizens would be a vital part .
Malaysia's intermediate past prime minister , Datuk Seri Abdullah Badawi ( once stated , "The way I see it , the malaise affecting Malaysia that may well jeopardize our way forward is a case of having first world infrastructure and third world mentality ."
This has somehow proven that most of the Malaysians are not improving by all means .
In my opinion , Malaysians prefer to live in a relaxing environment instead of an environment that is full of challenges .
Besides that , they are not competitive and creative .
This is because they are not taught to think critically since they were young .
Hence , designing and innovation would be a difficult task for them in this moment .
Due to these two problems , some impacts have appeared in the very beginning stage .
Firstly , insufficient funding will lead to a slower pace in the innovating progress .
Innovating companies in Malaysia can hardly create a new technology due to the financing problem .
They do not have the modal to do research although they have a great idea .
Moreover , Malaysians with these kinds of qualities and attitudes also act as an obstacle in the innovation process .
They will just blindly follow the trend .
It is hard to have  new ideas as they will not think out of the box .
In conclusion , the engineering design processes for innovation in Malaysia is still in the very first phase .
Malaysian government should be more concerned about these two major problems and solve them adequately .
In my opinion , the problems can be solved if the government thinks of changing the education system .
Besides that , Malaysian should also start to work harder in order to make Malaysia a developed country instead of a developing country .
Hence , creating a new gadget in Malaysia would not be a dream; it is just a matter of time and effort .
As we can see very commonly in MRTs and buses , the needs of elderly in public transport are not taken care of .
A few years back , the Land Transport Authority (LTA) introduced the 'Priority Seating' scheme which is meant to help the elderly , parents with kids , pregnant ladies or handicaps .
However , the scheme did not achieve its aim as people continue to occupy the 'Priority Seats' and did not give them up to those who need it more .
Just a few months back , the LTA decided to make some changes to it .
open inverted coma not requiredThe LTA , SBS Transit and SMRT , have standardised the signs for priority seating in MRT trains .
The new signs are in blue and white , aligned with the colour code for the International Symbol of Access , and state 'Reserved Seating' instead of 'Priority Seating' to make the call-for-action to give up the seats in a more authoritative and forceful manner  In addition to the 'Reserved Seating' scheme , the Public Transport Council (PTC) launched "a public education program titled 'A Happy Journey Starts Like That !'
to promote graciousness on public transport"  in the recent months .
One of the aims of this program is to promote the idea of giving up the reserved seats to those who need it more .
As we can see from the above examples , the LTA has been putting in a lot of effort in trying to make the 'Reserved Seating' scheme more effective .
The scheme might have improved the situation to a certain extent; however , it is evident that the problem has not been solved .
There have been a lot of topics on forums on the internet regarding the issue of 'Reserved Seating' .
"It is sad to say that there has been no impact .
People are still seating on thee seats even when old folks are standing near them .d" () .
This was a comment by someone after what he saw in the MRT .
Here , we can clearly see that the problem has not been solved .
To tackle the problem , I have generated three solutions .
Firstly , instead of having a 'Reserved Seat' , a "Reserved Carriage'   is a better idea .
- A whole carriage specially for the elderly and others who are entitled to it .
After giving it some thought , I believe the 'Reserved Carriage' should be the center carriage of the train .
This will not only provide convenience for the elderly (and others entitled to the 'Reserved Carriage') , it will also be good to standardise this throughout all the MRT stations .
The 'Reserved Carriage' will be blocked off and to gain access to the 'Reserved Carriage' , one must tap his/her EZ-Link card .
This concept is similar to the method of entering the MRT station but of course , money will not be  be deducted .
As senior citizens already have special EZ-Link cards , this can be used to gain access to the 'Reserved Carriage' .
As for the others who are also entitled to the 'Reserve Carriage' , they can apply for a special EZ-Link card which will allow access to the carriage too .
Secondly , we will use  the idea of the 'Reserved Seat' .
However , each seat is 'locked' by a bar across the seat .
Similarly , to gain access to the seat , one must tap his/her EZ-Link card .
Upon tapping  the EZ-Link card , the seat will be 'unlocked' and people who are entitled to the 'Reserved Seat' are now able to sit .
The same idea can be used towards the wheelchair bound area .
(Option 2) .
Lastly , I have read a couple of comments online , saying that those who are not entitled to the 'Reserved Seat' but are actually sitting on it are to be fined .
This is indeed a very good idea as the best method to deter Singaporeans from doing something is to implement a fine .
However , much has been said about Singapore being a 'Fine' city .
By doing so , it might be cost efficient but we are acknowledging to the world that we are indeed a 'Fine' city , to the extent of fining people for not giving up 'Reserved Seats' .
(Option 3) .
Therefore , I would not agree with this method .
As the third option of implementing a fine has already been taken out of my choice , I would like to compare between the first option and the second option .
There are four points of comparisons I would like to discuss .
Option 1 is definitely less costly than option 2 .
In the first option , it requires only 2 - 4 systems in each train station while in the second option , it requires a system in every train carriages for each 'Reserved Seat' .
However , option 1 is less flexible as compared to option 2 .
In the first option , those travelling together with the elderly are not able to enter the same carriage while in the second option , the elderly can be accompanied by their children or grandchildren .
This lack of flexibility leads to the third comparison of safety issues .
As other people are not able to accompany the elderly or those entitled to the 'Reserved Carriage' , they are not taken care of in the carriage .
In the case of emergency , there will be a lot of safety issues arising from it .
In the second option , however , the elderly are taken care of by the other commuters even in case of emergency .
The last comparison is the usage of  space .
In option 1 , there will be a lot of standing space wasted in the 'Reserved Carriage' , while in option 2 , it makes full use of the space and no space will be wasted .
As we can see from the above comparisons , option 2 is much better than option 1 except for the costs .
It is more flexible , makes full use of the space around and most importantly , it is safe .
I believe that if the LTA really hopes to solve this problem , the cost would not be an issue .
Therefore , option 2 will be a more feasible solution .
In conclusion , whatever schemes or ideas that might be implemented in the future , there will definitely be a lot of discussions and debates regarding it going on .
Forums on the internet will continue talking about it and so will the media .
This issue will never be solved completely unless Singaporeans learn from the culture of Taiwan or Korea for example .
I saw a documentary on CNA and they were showing that the reserved seats in their train remains empty despite the fact that the train was crowded yet no one occupied these seats .
It was mentioned that the Koreans have much respect for the old and  they are more gracious" (David , 2009) .
Singaporeans need to learn how to be more courteous and gracious and care more for the elderly and needy .
The bottom-line is that no matter how many new innovations engineers can invent , they can only reduce such problems but not eliminate them completely .
If you ask me , the one and only way to eliminate this problem depends on us !
In the eastern part of the globe there exists a place called India , renowned for its wide heritage and tourist spots; the country is also famous for one other thing - corruption .
In a country where most of the rural population is below the poverty line , it's not a surprise that corruption exists , however its mere existence has hampered the design process of innovation .
Corruption is everywhere and its not limited to the government alone , but has spread to the greedy private sector as well .
Corruption in India is on a totally different scale , people here don't take money just to do things out of their way but to do their jobs as well !
For example , let us consider a government officer in the housing board development sector , his job is to attest any stamp paper that may come his way for approval , if it were an ideal country he would do his job but this being India , you would probably pay him a handsome amount to just do his job !
As shocking as this might sound , this is nothing but the truth .
Since corruption spreads like wildfire , this practice has ended up in almost every other sector of the government thereby affecting the overall development of the country and its resources .
I .H .When a new technology emerges , it first has to go through the government's "tests" .
Basically , it means you have to "satisfy" the higher government officials before your technology can be made available to the public .
Not it is  can "satisfy" the government , thus some technologies are never made available to the general public , which essentially means it has no chance .oP becoming an innovation !
These malpractices are one of the reasons for the greedy nature of the private sector as well .
For example , the government demanded a lot of money from the private mobile phone service providers for spectrum allocation during the auction for 3G frequencies .
This hefty price tag has delayed the rolling out of the 3G service in India whilst other countries are moving on to 4G .
Just when you thought corruption is not enough to bring India down , there is another big problem yet to be eradicated - poverty .
About 42% of the population lives below the International poverty line !
This indirectly affects the design process because most new technologies requia lot of takers in the initial stages for it to become a success .
For example , broadband costs in India are still one of the highest in the world , simply because not a lot of people are aware about it and thus not a lot of them want to take it , this forces the ISP (Internet Service Provider) to raise increase the profit margin per person .
Is this because of the lack of IT literacy in India ?
Well , first , the literacy rate needs to improve before we can even start thinking about IT literacy .
The government education system at the primary and secondary level is a total flop , the syllabus is outdated and the curriculum is something of a joke .
India has a long way to go in terms of primary and secondary education although university level education is on par with the international standards .
T .All in all , poverty and corruption are the weeds in the endless fields of possibilities called India .
Only about five years ago , when people acquired information , they went to libraries or read newspapers .
However , within this short five-year period , there is an utter change in people's response .
The instinct of most people now , when they encountered any problems , is to seek help on Internet .
The first step is always going to any search engine such as "Google" to type in what they want .
According to the survey conducted by Nielsen (2009): 256 million people visited a search engine in December 2006 81% of the global Internet population .
The use of search engines is so ubiquitous today that people often forget the fact that it was commercialized only in recent few years .
This is certainly attributed to the fast advancement of Information Technologies .
Nevertheless , there are some socially determining factors that should not be neglected .
First of all , internet search engine is the kind of tool which requires least cost , to both viewers and advertisers .
With the wide scope of internet coverage and common usage of laptops , it is economically advisable to use search engines for information gathering .
Comparing with gointhe Internetkstores or libraries and watching TV , which cost people time and money , it is cost effective to search information through search engines .
For advert ,sers , the cost of search marketing is much lower than th .fThis is 81%e advertisements in other forms like on TV programs .
In this world where profit means so much , more and more advertisers are exploring the new field of search engine advertising .
The economic factor really contributes to the growth and development of search engines .
Secondly , search engine is a relatively easier tool that everyone can accept .
For example , the homepage of Google is very clean and simple .
Without much distractions from fancy designs and display of every piece of information , users can access to what they want toComparedectly .
Moreover , the sophistication of the search engines enables users to accurately describe the information they want and view them in an assorted manner .
In addition , search engines are mostly globalized .
For example , "Google" has many versions in different languages .
Singapore also has its own "Yahoo !"
search engines .
This helps to expose their people to the outside world by browsing other countries' WebPages through search engines .
Thus the above mentioned features have encouraged more people to use search engines .
The last but not the least , search engines lead people into a realm of information .
It is so resourceful that people basically can find anything they want by typing some words in it .
It really links up the real and the virtual world as people gain knowledge from internet and apply it to the everyday life .
It does no only have a vast database , but also possess advanced functions which classify and sort these information into different categories .
For instance , the "Google" scholar function allows users to search specifically scholastic articles .
Furthermore , as most search engines use "spider" protocol , the information presented is least biased because they are listed out based on their relevance to the user's input .
Without many advertisements to disguise the truth , users can process the information more conveniently .
As a result , the problem of too much irrelevant information present in books and TV can be alleviated .
The development of search engines is thus undeniable and spontaneous .
conclusion , thmergence of search engines in our daily life is due to the economical , practical and information coverage factors .
It definitely started a new age of information gathering .
Through making the gathering process easier and more reliable , it saves the time , effort and resources of people .
Therefore , it is no wonder that it has remainedpossessesr in these years and still dominates the international search landscape .
According to recent statistics , every 1 in 8 people in Singapore aged between 15 to 64 is an elderly citizen (http://www .singstat .gov .sg/stats/charts/popn-area .html) .
This is an astonishing figure .
Singapore has already been facing this imminent problem for decades , and many policies have already been put in place to control these statistics but to no avail .
With the advent of modern technology and sciences , living to a ripe old age is nothing too spectacular .
With an aging population , the ratio of people to proportion being able to work gradually reduces .
This reduction will no doubt cripple  the country's economy , as funds will have to be used to cater to the needs of the older majority .
It is therefore , required of the community to be able to design products to help them .
Hence , it is one need of Singapore as a whole country that should be given priority as it is an impending crisis and must not be neglected .
However , if these needs and concerns of the elderly are not taken care of , it may result in dire consequences .
In some areas of expertise , these "veterans" are still an indispensable source of knowledge .
Their guidance can have a great impact upon decisions made , even politically .
Our Minister Mentor , Mr . Lee Kwan Yew , is one such example of a person who provides valued experiences and guidance to the ministers .
Hence , we cannot simply turn a blind eye to the needs of the elderly .
We should do what is within our means so that they will be able to enjoy the rest of their lives .
As there is a significant majority of elderly people in Singapore to date , catering to their needs should also be part of our consideration , as a community .
Through our engineering processes , we can ensure that we can provide tools and devices for the elderly .
Firstly , our engineering processes are structured in such a way that all factors are taken into consideration .
The rigorous nature of the various steps will guarantee that a solution that is most favorable .
Cost effectiveness , efficiency and safety are held in high regard in most cases , making certain that the products designed will not take a toll on the pockets and be a hazard when they use it .
Secondly , even before a certain product design is selected , there will be multiple blueprints that are presented to the 'panel' of engineers and designers .
This is crucial because the design of the product will be diversified .
Lastly , the survey that will be included will make sure that the product that is about to be designed will be suitable to the majority .
The information gathered from such surveys will be used in the process and the decision of the final product out of the many initial designs will be largely based on these statistics .
These are just some examples of how the engineering process can be substantial in meeting the needs of a targeted group , which in this case , is the elderly in Singapore .
All in all , we should not only design products that will cater to the majority of the population and be nonchalant about the needs of the elderly .
A healthy balance of the two should be maintained .
Everyone ages eventually , wouldn't you want the community spare a thought for your convenience when you age ?
Up till 2007 ,  2 .4 billion people or 36% of the planet's population actually carried at least one phone(Tomi ,2007) , which means there are around 4 out of 10 people carrying a phone !
The number of people using a phone is increasing every year .
How did this happen ?
We should thank the people who thought of the innovation of making this innovative product .
The mobile phone has been a technology which was socially determined .
There are many factors that affect the shaping of this technological innovation .
Such factors are due to economic factors , military demands or government priorities and the private sectors .
Lastly , the third factor that affected this innovative product is government priorities and the private sectors .
Most countries encourage people to use the  computers , the internet service and the mobile phone .
Reports also show that the increased connectivity through mobile phones and the internet may lead to improved economic growth and job governance(James ,2009) .
The government encourages the wide usage of mobile broadband service such as 3G and 3 .5G broadband services .
Furthermore , with the private sectors cooperating with the government to offer more different kinds of mobile services , this helps in the usage of mobile phones .
As a result , the number of people using mobile phones has increased .
As a conclusion , the economic factors , military demands and the government priorities are the main factors that lead to the innovation of the mobile phone .
Engineering design process is usually a cyclic process where decision making is required .
Often , engineering sciences , basic sciences and mathematics are applied to convert the available information optimally to achieve the desired deeds .
Basically , this process can be divided into  various steps including identifying objectives , defining problems , conducting research , analyzing solutions , making decisions , presenting the products and finally , selling the products .
These are the universal steps in the process which is followed by most  engineers .
Nonetheless , there are problems that significantly hamper the engineering design process for innovation .
In Malaysia ,  corruption within the political system has led to slow development in design processes .
Besides , the education system introduced leads to a lack of creativity and innovation by engineers .
In addition , the a lack of creativity and innovation have been identified to be the main problems  hampering the engineering design process , which might be due to the current education system in Malaysia .
Most of the students are so used to being spoon fed .
s ,  they expect that every solution will be provided .
They were overindulged by teachers as knowledge or information was provided to them in an oversimplified way , causing students to be too reliant on teachers .
Students have been treated in a way that discouraged independent thought and learning processes , thus indirectly hindering their ability to analyze and interpret problems due to lack of creativity .
In conclusion , corruption in the political system and the lack of creativity by engineers ,  , significantly hampers the the engineering design process .
As said by the ex Prime Minister of Malaysia , Dato' Seri Doctor Mahathir Muhammad , "the use of money in politics gain could destroy a country" .
Therefore , action should be taken to prevent further corruption in the political system so that engineering design process would not be hindered .
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day , teach a man to fish and he will eat for the rest of his life .
Hence , governments should encourage independent learning so that students will be more creative and innovative to facilitate engineering design process .
Before 1870 , people could communicate with one another from a distance  only by  writing .
It was very inconvenient as urgent information could not be delivered immediately .
But in 1876 , Alexander Graham Bell invented a device that changed the world .
He invented the telephone - a device that allows two remotely located users to communicate by voice with each other (Mary Bellis , n .d) .
Today , his invention has become a necessity in our life to fulfill our need to communicate without meeting up .
Similarly , Konrad Zuse  invented the first computer , which satisfies our need for a systematic and efficient method of data management (Mary Bellis , n .d) .
Who are these brilliant people who invented these incredible devices which we cannot live without in this modern world ?
Engineers !
From the past till present , engineers have designed products or systems that meet human needs (Seyyed , 2005) .
Therefore , they play a crucial role in the society by never failing to improve our standard of living .
Today , one of the main concerns about human need is the innovation of a more environmentally-friendly vehicle .
Current vehicles are producing too much carbon dioxide - the main substance that causes global warming .
About 33% of U .S carbon dioxide emission comes from the burning of gasoline in internal-combustion engines of cars and light trucks (Causes of Global Warming , n .d) .
Many signs of worldwide climate change have been identified .
If we do not react quickly , the increase in temperature could lead to large-scale food and water shortage and have disastrous effects on wildlife .
Moreover , the rise in sea level could flood many islands (Global Warming Fast Facts , 2007) .
With the Earth at its critical state , a "greener" car is of the essence , and engineering design processes can guide us to our goal .
Engineering design processes consist of five steps .
Firstly , we have to define the design problem .
In the process of defining the problem , we have to identify and establish the need .
Then , a problem statement is developed , which in this case is innovation of an eco-friendly car .
After that , we have to establish the criteria for success; for instance , a car that minimizes the emission of carbon dioxide to the environment .
With the problem defined clearly , we carry on to the second step , gathering pertinent information .
The third step in engineering design processes is generating multiple solutions .
We can start by examining the weaknesses of the existing solution and try to improve them , while combining new ideas to create a unique solution to the problem (Seyyed , 2005) .
Once alternative solutions to the design problem have been conceived , we proceed to analyze those solutions and select the best solution for implementation , the fourth step in the engineering design process .
In the process of analyzing the solutions , product safety and liability will also be considered .
Finally , the last step will be testing and implementing the solution to the design problem .
We must also consider the means of implementation such as prototyping or concurrent engineering  (Seyyed , 2005) .
In conclusion , the human need for the innovation of an environmental-friendly car must be given priority to reduce the effect of worldwide climate change; and the engineering design processes is a systematic method to accomplish this objective systematically .
Immediate action is necessary as the Earth is getting weaker and weaker .
Never let our children suffer for our mistake !
In the contemporary world , preventing heart diseases is inarguably one of the most pressing needs of mankind , and is rated as the top priority for engineering design and innovation .
As years of research conducted by the WHO (world health organization) have repeatedly shown , heart malfunctioning is the most common threat among all health-related problems  .
Given such a life and death situation , engineers have responded and there have been many great inventions , of which the implanted pacemaker might be one of the most significant engineering products in preventing heart diseases .
This essay will explain in detail the working of modern implanted pacemakers and therefore how they have met the need in maintaining a smooth heart beat .
An implanted pacemaker , in a nutshell , is a tiny computerized medical machine inserted in human bodies , which monitors the rhythms of human heart beats , analyze and rectify them if abnormalities occur .
A pacemaker consists of a battery , a program-based generator and electrical wires attached to the atriums and ventricles , the chambers in our hearts .
The battery , which is a mercury cell , supplies the power needed for the pacemaker to function .
The generator , which works as a computer , has programs written in it and is responsible in sending out electrical pulses in crucial moments .
The first step is to have a pacemaker implanted into the human body .
After having numbed the patient's collarbone area and a small incision made , electrical leads are inserted into the heart chamber with the guidance of x-ray .
The other end of the leads is connected to the generator and a battery that lasts for a few years .
Next , the doctor will transmit a program tailored to the needs of the patient's heart into the pacemaker across the patient's skin .
Now the pacemaker is ready to work .
Under normal circumstances , it keeps the heart beating in a normal rhythm according to the program .
When an abnormality happens , such as a block in the coronary artery or a sudden stop of heart beat , the pacemaker detects it and sends out electrical pulses to the affected location .
The pulses will then stimulate contractions in the heart muscles , which will allow the blood to flow smoothly again or to start beating again , preventing a possible sudden death of the patient .
Besides preventing serious occasions of heart malfunctioning , the pacemakerr can also help regulate the heart beat when the patient is performing certain activities , such as exercising and sleeping .
Moreover , the pacemaker records the rhythms of the patient's heart beat in different situations and hence helps the doctor to write programs that best suits the patient  .
The reasons why implanted pacemakers have gone through generations of development and has been listed as one of the top 50 inventions in the past 50 years is that they are portable , which means they can effectively prevent sudden heart attacks , and dependable as they run on computer programs which are constantly renewed by having more suitable ones stored in the patients' bodies .
This invention is certainly a masterpiece of engineering design due to its contribution in the enhancement of health through maintaining a functional heart . 
In the 21st century , human beings face a lot of serious problems , such as global warming , environment pollution , weather change , and frequent natural disasters .
Among them , the shortage of energy resources is the most urgent one to be resolved .
Our prosperous society is built on automatic mass production which requires a large amount of energy .
As a result , starting a war , destroying natural balance and polluting the environment , they are just the side effects of disputing energy resources .
Since energy resource shortage is the root of so many problems , finding its solution is the priority for engineers .
In general , three aspects can be innovated: they are improving the effectiveness of energy use and production , designing methods to store and accumulate small portions of energy , and finding cleaner and renewable energy resources .
First of all , the most practical pare facedowith a solution is to make full use of energy .
The phenoenvironmentalrgy wasting can be found everywhere in daily life .
Even the industrial design cannot avoid it .
For instance , most vehicles' engines can only transfer about 30% of fuel's chemical energy into mechanical energy , while the other 70% becoming heat and polluters .
Another example comes from the solar panel .
Although solar energy has been regarded as the most promising energy form , solar panel is also well known for its low energy exchange rate-less than 16% .
However , if the effectiveness of both energy use and production can be iareas ,of innovationergy could be saved .
The following efforts should be put into storing and accumulating small portions of energy .
As the major energy resources are running out , more and more energy comes from those resources which can only generate a little energy at a time .
Although their power is small , the sum is considerable if they can be accumulated properly .
The best example is the wind power generator .
A single generator produces the power of several hundred watts , even less than a family's need .
But once all energy generated by thousands of generators can be stored and transmitted with little loss , the huge industrial energy need is also able to be satisfied .
From 18thinks 1949 , Chinese people were suffering from World War II and Chinese civil war .
After these battles and wars , Chinese people finally stepped in to a new era , a peaceful but impoverished era .
Chinese people did not have time to develop their economy and technology .
Therefore , Chinese economy and technology was far behind those developed country .
However , Chinese people did not give up; Chinese leaders put forward a series of policies .
Moreover , every Chinese people want to contribute to establishing a new China .
That is why Chinese economic situation was much better than before .
For technology aspect , a group of Chinese scientists and engineers scarified their holiday and worked every day and night in order to improve the technology of China .
Therefore , many excellent and designed technological outcomes appeared in that period of time .
But now , there are two factors hamper the design process for innovation .
One is the students are lack of the innovative thinking system .
Other one there is no co-operation between scientists and engineers .
From a technological point of view , the way to the future from where we are today is either by creating something new or modifying current technology so that it performs better than the way it previously did .
This is where engineering design process comes into play .
In order to come up with groundbreaking innovations to improve the way we live , engineers need to have a design-oriented mind .
However , coming up with  new ideas and innovations are more often than not , easier said than done .
As a matter of fact , statistically speaking , the number of failed attempts at innovation far exceed the ones which made it into the books .
Nevertheless , the process of learning through failures have significant importance in the engineering design process .
One of the main obstacles in the engineering design process has to be financial constraints .
Many great engineering design ideas were halted cold in their tracks just because the cost to realize them outweighs the benefits that they carry .
For instance , the proposed plan to use nuclear energy in Malaysia never came to pass due to the enormous funds that is required to carry out research in the technology and even if the necessary funds are secured , there is always the uncertainty if the research will yield any significant results .
On top of that , researchers and investors have all come to terms with the fact that running and maintaining a practical nuclear reactor in Malaysia will take too long for the technology to break even financially .
It is just not worth the effort .
Apart from that , new engineering design innovations need to be benchmarked against their environmental effects .
Engineers need to be sensitive towards this issue and thus , ensure that the impact of their ideas are minimal towards mother nature .
In the case of a nuclear power plant in Malaysia , the idea is not viable as the country has an abundance of forest reserves which needs to be kept untarnished and preserved  .
Constant exposure to radioactive substances may alter the natural ecosystem of these reserves , causing irreversible damage .
Even in Singapore , all engineering projects have to abide by the Environmental Pollution Control Act before being carried out .
Besides that ,  the innovations that engineers  come up with needs  to be safe for the public to use .
In this case , safety measures need to be put in place before an innovation is unveiled to the public .
This cannot be compromised .
As for the Malaysian power plant , The plant , due to the inadequacy of safe uranium containment as well as the skilled labour to handle them , the project is unable to be carried out .
The incident at Chernobyl , Ukraine serves as a good reminder as to why safety is of utmost importance .
In order to cut production cost , several safety precautions have been removed from the initial blueprint .
On the fateful day of April 26 , 1986 , one of the reactors exploded , consequently causing the area to be inhabitable till this day and instantly claiming 4 lives in the process .
In a nutshell , engineers may have great ideas and innovations .
Unfortunately , not all of them can be realized .
In fact , many of them will not .
However , all is not lost .
With small but useful engineering design ideas being introduced daily , serving as a basis for many bigger innovations , it's only a matter of time before the many obstacles which are holding engineers back are removed .
Annex
We need a great change and the most possible plan now is to apply nanotechnology  .
Using the latest knowledge  , engineers can design various types of micro-robots which have the size of a bacterium  .
With this size  , the normal physical limitation is now removed and we can easily discover every corner of the human body .
It not only reduces the material cost ,  makes a more accurate diagnosis  , but also is less painful for the patient and gives scientists a great chance to study deeper about the human body .
These micro-robots can have many useful functions  .
It can bring a camera and help doctors observe the inner world of the human body with their own eyes .
It can be attached with a tiny medicine package and put  directly into the damaged spot  .
It can be programmed to kill any cell that causes the disease  .
This micro-robot is very promising and now is developed by many professional engineers all over the word and will soon be released  , making it one of the greatest achievement of engineers 
One of the fascinating problems faced , is the human body itself .
Firstly the human body has an extraordinary capability to identify foreign objects and purge them out from the system (Rejection) .
This has led to serious complications to patients who are receiving this life-saving treatment .
Secondly , these cells injected into the body have to be closely monitored .
Withoutthis , it would result in an uncontrollable and misdirected growth of unwanted cells , etc tumor , or even cancerous cells .
This is a major obstacle that scientists are  now facing .
Recently , the only way around this is to reduce the body's immune system to zero , so the body will not reject the treatment but it's a very dangerous step .
If the body always rejects such treatment , then all the research and funds spent on the project would be wasted .
There is an unlimited possibility to what these cells are able to achieve , but with current technology ,
there is only so much scientist can do , a lot more research will be required in order to bring this ideology to realism and put this cell into good use .
I believe this would be a most valuable scientific breakthrough .
Perhaps someday , the human ageing problems will be solved just purely by replacing old organs and injecting new cells to repair old and damaged tissues ?
The world food crisis would be solved by merging these cells with the current cloning technology to create fast and  range of food supplies .
The world's technology is developing at a fast pace .
Among these new technologies , some of them are developed by research while others are discovered serendipitously , which means they are found by chance instead of studying on purpose .
Take the aspect of electric devices as an example , refrigerator was studied for a long time in the laboratory after people had the desire of reserving things in a cold temperature longer .
On the other hand , the theory of microwave oven was discovered by Percy Spencer by chance .
He noticed that candy in his pocket melted while he was doing another experiment and by using this technology microwave oven was invented .
Comparing these two ways of finding new technology , they have similarities as well as differences .
tohasthe standardhave becomelivesaovensHowever , despite of the similarities , thThe refrigerator diffthe microwavewhich mainly fall in two aspecRefrigerators
Firstly , refrigerator has a strong purpose in real life before it is invented .
The idea of keeping things frozen to keep them fresh has existed for a long time , so people worked towards this purpose and after trying many times , the technology of refrigerator came out .
As a result , the product will sell well because the aim of the technology is a common desire and meet the demand of the public .
Microwave oven , on the contrary , its function is not known before the theory is discovered and the equipment invented .
Thus , sometimes there will be a risk to produce a large amount of equipment applying the serendipitously discovered technology because the market of this field might not be large since before it is invented , other ways of the similar aim may have already existed .
was .Sincefor this productSecondly ,refrigeration twas a conceptthe laboratwasy needs a long time of work .
Since the idea is brought up , generations of people used various methods to improve the machine and make the technology perfect .
However , the process of finding the technology of microwave oven was by chance and took a very short time , and it migwas even be ignored topeople did not pay attention to The microwavemena .
Therefore , developwasy by research may require morwaswork and developing a technology serendipitously will need more attention to intproducing daily life .
In conclusion , though differences exfor the refrigeratorprocesses they are developed , in the  of their use andwas introducedting potential when the have usedpment comes out , both kinds of technologies contribute to the development of the society .
In fact , no matter in which way the technology is discovered , as long as it is beneficial to the society , we should appreciate it and enjoy the convenience it brings us .
Do you know that the global worldwide energy consumption was 500 exajoules which is  astounding 5 1020 J ?
Do you also know that 80 to 90 percent of that is obtained from the combustion of fossil fuels ?
(U .S . Department Of Energy) As globalization takes place , coupled with an increasing world population , more electrical energy has to be supplied to homes and factories so as to meet the increasing demand .
However , fossil fuels such as coal and crude oil , which is used to produce electricity , will eventually be depleted as they are non-renewable resources .
According to Wikipedia , "Assuming that our rate of usage in 2005 remains constant , we will run out of conventional oil in 40 years (2045) and coal in 154 yrs (2159) ."
Hence , the current human need for energy is one need that we must prioritize .
Engineers have therefore started to work on new technologies , such as photovoltaic systems that can convert solar power to electrical energy so as to ease the need .
By definition , solar energy refers to the radiant light and heat from the Sun .
("Solar energy") Every year , the Earth absorbs approximately 3 ,850 ,000 exajoules of solar energy .
(Smil 12) This amount of energy is almost twice the total amount of energy that can ever be obtained from non-renewable sources .
(Exergy Flowcharts) As a result , many countries in the world are now tapping into this new source of energy .
"Solar cell" .9 Sep 2009<http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Solar_cell> .
"World energy resources and consumption"  .3 Sep 2009
<http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/World_energy_resources_and_consumption> .
"World Consumption of Primary Energy by Energy Type and Selected Country Groups , 1980-2004" (XLS) .
Energy Information Administration , U .S . Department of Energy .
July 31 2006 .
<http://www .eia .doe .gov/pub/international/iealf/table18 .xls .
>
The process of converting the solar energy to electrical energy is also known as the photovoltaic effect .
("Solar cells") First , when sunlight is shone onto the surface of the photovoltaic panels , sunlight in the form of photons will be absorbed by the silicon .
Next , the electrons with higher energy levels in the panels will be separated from their atoms and allowed to flow in a single direction due to the special composition of the cells .
Complimentary positive charges that are produced will flow in the opposite direction of the electrons .
Finally , when both positive charges and electrons flow through the silicon photovoltaic cells , electricity is produced .
("Solar cells")
To sum up , the most current human need that has to be prioritized is the need for energy .
In the next few decades , the demand for energy will definitely increase exponentially as the world population continues to grow .
Therefore , solar energy being a clean and renewable source of energy will definitely build up its popularity as a popular source that can be used to produce electricity .
Hence in order to ease current as well as future needs for energy , solar power is one viable source to consider .
Works Cited
" Exergy (available energy) Flow Charts" 10 Sep 2009 <http://gcep .stanford .edu/research/exergycharts .html>
"Photovoltaics" .
9 Sep 2009<http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Photovoltaics>
Smil (2006) , p . 12
"Solar energy" .7 Sep 2009<http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Solar_energy> .
Since there are life on the earth ,all the things living depend on the sun .Photosynthesis is the process that green plant turn carbon dioxide and water into carbohydrate .The energy we human need is directly or indirectly come from the photosynthesis .
The petroleum ,coal and gas are the outcome of photosynthesis that the nature gives to us .
Because of the rapid develop of the world ,the energy that nature leave over to us are less and less .This even makes countries begin an energy war .Energy plays a more and more important role .what we desperately need is a kind of resource that can give out high energy and does not do harm to the nature .
Hydrogen energy is this kind of energy .There is only water after it burns and hydrogen contains a lot of heat .So we try hard to invent a machine to make hydrogen energy .
As we know tis hydrogen can be made bliving thingsater ,so we need electrical energy .We first converwherebylar eneplantsnto electrical energy .
To achieve this we use plates that are mhumansf semiconductor which can absorbreceived throughts .The semiconduc can emit electron after theann light's stphotosynthesis .ole plnaturea battery .So the solar energy have developmentccessfully converted into electrical passesy .
After doing this , we will artificial causesate the proto beginof photosynthesis .In this step ,we need to find a highly efficient catalyst to speed up the electrolyzation and make the process to be complete .we let the water into a container and add the catalyst into it ,then take two metal plates into the water and transmit electricity we get before ineed to try hardwater .Finally , we can get the hydrogen gas .
Hydrogen gas has been produced ,but the transmission is still a hard work .We need a high-pressure and low-temperature surroundings to let the hydrogen be liquid .But it is very hard to make that kind of surroundings in normal life .We need a kind of catalyst to make the hydrogen be liquid at normal temperature and pressure .
After the two steps ,the hydrogen will replace oil ,coal and gas ,to be the most useful and important energy in our life .
We will no longer afraid of atmospheric pollution and greenhouse effect .What's more ,the energy we use is renewable .We will not be short of energy resource .
In the process of developing a new idea into a product , all kinds of expected or unforeseeable troubles will occur , making the path fill with struggles and disappointments .
Although the knowledge and technological breakthroughs we accumulated through ages have premised human a solid foundation for putting our ideas into practice , there still existing many inevitable factors due to the advancing capitalization which deter the process of innovation .
Among all those socially determined resistance on the way of innovation , one fatally significant phenomenon is the unfair competitioto be filledtween monopolies and other less competent companies .
On one hand , monopolies that have sufficient capital to back them up canprovidedihumanswith age sum of money in fields of designing and testing to increase thexiststy and ensure the reliability of their productcapitalismanding tasks .
Meanwhile the dominancy in market share also allows them to popularize and convert their products to revenue in a short time .
It can be perceived as good in the sense of market selection , but on the other hand , such type of rivalship can easily be abused and transformed into one-sided violation if monopolies use these advantages as weapons against their opponents instead of rising the standard of living for mankind .
raisingOne vivid thesele is Microsoft forced Netscape to theinto bankruptcy by packing its inferior web browser IE with its dominant windows system for free .
It is also common for monopolies to lower the price in a large scale to annihilate their opponents and rise it up latter .
Ironically , being the ultimate form in organizing capital , monopolies seem to be the major obstruction on the road of innovation , and hundreds of 'Netscapes' have been sacrificed over the years because of their pursuit of greater profit .
Innovation still has a long way to go before it can stand up to these giants .
doesexacerbatebrandedreachespharmaceutical industrylike thetocomparedWith so many things to consider about , those managers do have reasons to hesitate before they risk the future of a company for the unguaranteed profit .
They will not start simply because they cannot afford to lose the race .
To sum it up , the rules of this tyrmine that the process of innovation will depend much more on engineers' creativity .
But as the society changes with time , hopefully we can create a harmonic atmosphere for innovation and provide mankind a higher living standard .
In an age of accelerated obsolescence of information and technology , lots of new inventions and design concepts come out from human's mind every second .
Meantime , the demands rising from the endless pursuing for high-standard breakthroughs have boosted and inspired the human's brain to deepen their potential .
During this new innovation-development revolution in science and technology , engineers no doubt play a vital role to beautify and simplify the whole world .
Just like Roger said: in the context of the innovation-development process , the development of technologies may be viewed from either a technologically determinist perspective or a socially determinist view , also referred to as the social construction of technology .
In addition , numerous breakthroughs are deriving from the audacious imagination .
Reflecting this two innovation technologies , both of it are shaped by a set of factors including the audacious idea and the climate influence etc .
In fact , as a whole , the key factor is still the government policy .
Without Dubai's specific economy transition , there will not be such a mount of fund input .
In conclusion , a new innovation technology is always combined with numerous factors .
In order to make a better life in the future , innovation-development is playing a very important role in our highly developing society .
With the promotion of lives' quality , people require higher and higher criterions .
How to build more convenient and safer facilities ?
How to make less pollution and friendlier environment ?
How to offer better medical treatment and prolong people's lives ?
All these problems are waiting for engineers to solve .
However , due to many factors , there are two types , convention and skunkworks , existing in the process of innovation-development .
The reason why this situation is can be seen from the need of market , the process of research & development , and the product features .
As the first step of innovation-development , the need of market is significantly considered in both two types .
Usually , the deterministsFor the  quality of life ,s technologically determinist and socially determinist .
Although both of them exist in convention and skunkworks , socially determinist takes more than technologically determinist in skunkworks .
This is because that skunkworks is born to solve those very real and urgent problems nevertheless in scarcity of capital .
In contrast , enough capital and technology support are the factors which lead the process of convention .
So convention is more technologically determthe marketand skunkworks is more socially determinist .
At last , the products of the two , convention and skunkworks , will face to different kinds of consumers .
The products of skunkworks are more practical , and people are in need of those product .
For example , the invention of laptop helped Japanese developedad ma shabbyace to work .
But for convention , its products are often regarded as the milestone of technology or other purposes .
Like General Motors (GM) dedicated $2 billion to designing , manufacturing , and marketing electric vehicles to reposition GM asmakesnnovative company in peopstablends , but ththe innovationofHowever;ose vehiclesits large much poor (E .M . Rogers , 2003 , opinion leaders and mavens in the diffusion of electric cars , para .1) .
In summary , Convention usually has enough capital and technology , appeale scale and good environment .
These make it operate stably .
By contrast , skunkworks is more efficient and its proproductsre more practical than that of cthe laptopion .
But it shareemployees havek of no outcome due to the shortage of capital and shabby environment .
However , by taking every point into consideration , both of them can work well in innovation-development , depending on different situation .
Engineers are trained to solve problems and design products to fulfill human needs .
Overcoming a problem requires time and repeated trialsl to make sure that the product is safe to use and works efficiently .
Products that are designed should be able to suit daily usage .
As turning ideas into virtual products takes an engineer a lot of effort , an engineer should carefully define the problem that occurs in human life and thereafter starts to generate the problem and solve it .
One of the current human needs is to find an environmentally friendly vehicle as a substitute for the gasoline vehicle .
Air pollution nowadays has become a serious issue all around the world .
Some countries which are severely affected by air pollution could not even have a clear vision during day time .
According to Gulfnews .com eq \o\ac( ,1)(March 2008) , more than 75 per cent of air pollution is emitted from vehicles .
Exhaust fumes are bad for human health and will contribute to air pollution .
Thus , an environmentallyl friendly vehicle needs to be created and should be given priority for this creation to save our earth from pollution and to lessen the impact of the air pollution .
Electrically generated vehicles can be designed to overcome the air pollution problem .
electrically generated vehicle will not exhaust gases when it is being driven .
On the other hand , it also does not need gasoline as generating material .
This means that mining process for gasoline might also be lesser and therefore the air pollution problem will be less serious .
It is because mining and refining processes of  petroleum which emit fumes that will pollute the air .
To build an electrically generated vehicle that can have longer lasting battery power and powerful pickup , it should have a special battery , light weight material and well designed shape .
The battery of the vehicle must be able to recharge within a few hours .
It should also be able to store higher amounts of energy in order to last for longer periods of time .
On the other hand , building the vehicle with light weight material , such as aluminium can conserve energy .
Furthermore , having an aerodynamically styled shape , the vehicle can move faster and have a powerful pickup .
The electrically generated vehicle should be fully tested and examined .
It is an important process to make sure that the product is safe to be used .
Test drive  and open the electrically generated vehicle to the public and ask for feedback from them and make improvements for it .
After that the electrically generated vehicle can be introduced to the market throughout the world .
In conclusion , the creation of an electrically generated vehicle can reduce air pollution problems that is becoming more and more serious nowadays .
It has to be created to fulfil the world's need nowadays so that our future generation has a healthier earth to live in .
Engineers can make the world different by their expertise and knowledge .
E-commerce scenario in mind: a man sitting in front of a computer is busy using email , eBay , online banking , and teleconferencing .
This is ecommerce , which consists of the buying and selling of products or services over electronic systems such as the Internet and other computer networks .
CITATION wik09 \l 2052 (wikipedia , 2009) Thanks to this burgeoning technology , people can almost fulfil all their needs without moving a step .
With the initial to achieve a more convenient human life , ecommerce is considered to be socially determined rather than technologically determined .
To specify , the formation and development of this technology is mainly contributed by three factors: public's needs , economic consideration , and government regulation .
Basically , the origcommerce is due to public's desire to facilitate their life and work .
Tracing back to the late 1970s , Electronice-commerceerchange and Electronic Funds Transfer first emerged in the US to satisfy people's needs for simple business communication .
CITATION Ken08 \ly first types of ecommerce .
Later on , as the rapid spreadfulfillternet , the utility of this technology quickly vagoald extended to global scope .
The most popular usage is online shopping .
Because of the increasingly heavy workload , people are sick of stepping out of home and shopping .
This concern soon results in the appearance of online store .
In 1995 , both eBay and Amazon launched and quickly grew to become the biggest online retailers .
CITATION Jul08 \l 2052 (Julie , 2008) Till now , people can nearly do whatever they want simply by clicking the web browser .
storesDuring the speedy develope-commercecommerce , corporations realize the potential to gain huge interest and participate to shape the direction of ecommerce's growth .
Comparing with the traditional selling styles , ecommerce manages to broaden the market as well as obtain a cent publicity .
For example , originally the retail stores most probably sewith products only within the city since they can hardly afford to publicize in a larger area .
Thanks to the technology of ecommerce , these shops can now do publicity to a much larger target group .
By the same time , the online banking system also facilitates the proceduresultedake deals .
AtadvertiseBesides these two factors , governe-commercelation also conrealizeds to shaping this technology .
In the 1990participationult of the rising developmee-commerce'serce , the usage of this technology gradually became out e-commercel .
The public's privacy and security was seriously threatened .
In order to solforms of publicityproblems , Federal Trade Commission (FTC) established FTC Act in the US .
Similarly , the related governmental agency in other countries also established such rules to maintain the site-commerce
Directed by public's requirement , enterprises' intention , and government regulation , ecommerce is now still developing .
Undoubtedly , this is not the e-commerces growth .
If continuing the efforts of thwentree aspects , we have confidence this technology will sooner or later develop to a certain stage which satisfies the whole society .
Engineering design , also known as innovations , are created by people to make the world a better place to live in .
However , innovations do not come easy .
It has to go through a five step process before coming out with the final product .
The steps named in order are identifying the problem , gathering of information pertaining to the problem , generating of solutions , analyzing and testing the solutions and implementing of the solution .
In Singapore , there are some problems which hamper certain stages of the design process .
First , the attitude of Singaporeans makes them reluctant to change .
Singaporeans live in the comfort of their own homes believing that all the things that can be invented have already been made .
Everyone is just waiting for someone to discover new things .
With attitudes like that , it is not possible for Singaporeans to innovate .
Moreover , Singaporeans accept things too easily .
They lack the motivation to create new things .
Such frame of mind hinders the progression of innovation .
Singaporeans are afraid to try out new things and they are also afraid of failure .
Innovation requires perseverance , the ability to accept failure and motivation .
These are a few traits that are often seen amongst the Singaporeans .
On top of this , the education system in Singapore does not emphasise on creativity .
Students are always 'spoon-fed' by the teachers .
As a consequence , they are instilled with a 'sit back and wait' state of mind from young .
Clearly , the lack of creativity and the passive attitude of Singaporeans have hindered the first stage of the engineering design process .
Second , the social systems in Singapore are also affecting the generation of solutions in the design process .
As Singapore is a country based on meritocracy , companies are more concerned about their profits , and hence are reluctant to risk on innovation .
In addition , the society is unable to accept new things which are out of the norm; consequently , inventions which are different will not be accepted by the public .
Besides , there are so many areas to consider during the design process .
For example , a new product not only has to be aesthetically pleasing to the public , it also has to be safe for usage and most importantly being able to make profits for the company .
Thus , issues will arise at the stage of generating solutions .
Doing one thing may improve on an aspect but at the same time , it may also compromise the quality of another area .
As a result , it is very difficult to attain a balance among all the areas .
Unless a balance among the areas could be achieved , the design process will not be able to continue , as possible solutions could not be created .
Indeed , the social systems in Singapore have significantly affected the third stage of the design process .
In conclusion , the design process is demanding and tedious .
There are certain stages of the process to complete before being able to come up with a feasible solution .
However , there are problems faced during the process .
The two major problems in Singapore are the attitude and the social systems .
The passive attitude results in people being unable to identify existing problems , which is the very first phase of the design process .
Furthermore , the social systems set strict standards for new products .
This significantly affects the third stage of design process which is the generation of solutions .
Therefore , only by overcoming the two major problems , will Singaporeans then be able to create and innovate .
The year is 1969 .
Man has finally conquered the Moon .
Television screens all over the world showed replays after replays of this history making moment .
No longer was planned space exploration an unreachable frontier; possible only in the restricted realms of science fiction .
Fast-forward forty years after Neil Armstrong has become the first man to land on the Moon , the question remains: Can a nation like Singapore pursue a grand dream such as space exploration ?
There lie two major hurdles , the small population size and the lack of natural resources , to engineering design process in Singapore .
Singapore is a minute city-state situated in the tropics of South East Asia .
The republic today is a thriving metropolis where slightly less than five million people call home .
This estimate , taken from Singapore's government population survey reports in 2008 , placed the republic modestly as the one hundred and fifteenth most populous nation globally .
Besides small population size , Singapore also does not have any natural resources to boast about .
The republic's physical landmass of approximated seven hundred and five square kilometers is ranked one hundred and eighty- seventh internationally .
Unsurprisingly , the scarce land does not yield precious metals nor is it a treasure trove containing prized fossil fuel .
The above-mentioned problems will have severe ramifications on the engineering design process .
Singapore's small population size affects the initial two stages as well as the final testing stage of the engineering design process .
Firstly , a small population would mean that most problems encountered by small groups in Singapore would often be overlooked .
For a similar situation overseas , the problems are likely to draw more attention .
This is due to the fact that for a seemingly insignificant proportion of people who require specifically designed solutions , it is quite a sizeable amount in absolute terms in countries with larger human concentration .
This situation would be problematic during the definition of problem stage of engineering design process .
In addition , even if there were potential solutions , it would be a tough task to carry out experimentation or trials , either as a means to gather data or to implement a solution , simply because a local test group might not exist .
This was illustrated in the report "A chair that's music to deaf ears" where a research team was unable to find a test group for a chair for the deaf they designed and had to look overseas .
The non-existence of natural resources is another concern .
Specifically , resources can be divided into raw materials , land , wealth and labour of which the first two , a nation like Singapore clearly lacks .
This deficiency in raw materials and useable land as well as to a lesser extent , wealth and labour , limits the magnitude of the engineering solutions to be pursued .
The space race cost the United States an estimated twenty-five billion dollars in ninety-sixties terms .
Such an enormous amount would be several years of Singapore's gross domestic product in the current economic climate .
The scarce land space further adds to the problem .
In conclusion , Singapore's unique size and state of available resources are obstacles in the engineering design process .
The ability to work with such constraints will greatly influence the outcome of future engineering endeavours .
Title : Two Problems that Significantly Hamper Engineering Design Processes For Innovations and Their Effects .
Who are the designers of all the inventions in this world ?
Well , obviously they are engineers .
"Scientists dream about doing great things .
Engineers do them ."
This is a famous quote by James A . Michener .
Engineers are people who investigate problems and try to solve them .
Gadgets and machines were invented to solve our daily problems .
However , some obstacles may obstruct the innovative engineering design processes .
Identifying these obstacles and their effects may help to prevent rejection of inventions in the future .
The educational system in Malaysia is exam orientated .
The educational system is based more towards theory and not practicel .
Students spend most of their time in the classroom learning theory .
The amount of time spent in labs for practicals is minimal .
The system is giving emphasis on memory skills , not analytical skills .
Furthermore , school teachers merely teach students to pass their exams , but not for the students to learn .
Primary and secondary school students are spoon fed with information rather than letting them learning independently .
Students are taught and train to score in public examinations such as Penilaian Menengah Rendah (PMR) and Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM) .
Eventually , students with good memory will be able to pass with flying colours as they are able to memorise all the facts and spit them all out during the exams .
These excellent students will face problems as they further their studies to be engineers .
They lack of analytical skills , creativity and innovation .
These are the two factors that will cease engineers from being able to solve real life problems .
It is human's nature to response to incentives .
Incentives could be in the form of money or moral support .
Society does not show an encouraging attitude towards innovation .
Society is afraid to accept new invention .
This causes engineers to be demotivated .
In conjunction to this , companies are not willing to take risks to fund the research and development of engineers .
For example , Tetsuya Mizoguchi , a brilliant engineer who envisioned and invented the laptop .
He idea was rejected by Toshiba fearing that it will not be successful [1] .
This scenario is common and it is preventing engineers from doing research and development for a given problem .
Research and development is almost impossible without funding .
Thus , engineers are not capable to come up with solution to problems although they have brilliant ideas .
In conclusion , our current educational system is too rigid .
It should focus more on practical applications rather than theory .
Students must be exposed to new problems related to current issues and be able to propose solutions to the problem .
In addition , the solutions must be practical and appropriate to be accepted by society .
Nevertheless , society should be open to fresh ideas .
Positive feedback from society will stimulate passion and desire for engineers to contribute with what they do best , inventing .
[1] Rogers , E .M . (2003) .
The birth of the laptop computer at Toshiba .
In Diffusion of innovations (pp .144- 146) .
New York: Free Press .
Since the birth of car at the end of last century , its development has gone through ups and downs over the last one hundred years .
The first car invented by Carl .
Zaochu Benz at that time only had a speed of 18Km per hour , but now , a sport car can accelerate from zero speed to 100Km per hour within 3 seconds .
We can see that the speed of development of cars is very amazing .
But what actually made the car industry develop so fast ?
The car industry' development cannot be separated from the adoption of car by the people .
Only the customers' demand can stimulate the enhancement of the car industry .
So again , what is the factors influence the adoption of car ?
encouragedthe carIn conclusion , the adoption of car and this technological innovinion was not only tecthe carlogical determined , but also shaped by economic factors , military demands , and government policies and priorities .
Two problems hamper engineering design processes for innovations in China and their effects .
An engineering design process , which includes mainly five stages-defining the problem , gathering pertinent information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting a solution and testing and implementing the solution , plays a very important role in improving the quality of people's lives .
In our daily life , we can easily identify automobiles , laptops , handphones and microwaves as engineering innovations around us .
Take China for instance , the culture for innovation in engineering design is severely lacking .
One factor would be China's rigid education system that produces only a small number of innovative engineers .
It does not help either that the Chinese government is giving very little incentives for innovations in engineering .
As a result , engineers have little motivation to innovate .
Even if they have the motivation , their ideas are unlikely to come true due to the lack of funding from the government .
One of the problems that hampers innovations in engineering may be China's rigid education system which discourages students from being creative .
In China , most teachers spoon-feed their students , and students are instructed to follow standard answers given by the teachers .
When a student finds out an alternative method of solving a problem , there is usually no reward for him and he still has to answer the question in the standard way to avoid losing marks at examinations .
Thus innovation among students is discouraged .
Moreover , students have very little hands-on practice of what they have learnt in class .
Instead , most of their time is spent on solving sample examination problems .
As a result , China's education system produces engineers that are generally weak in doing research and development , which will adversely affect the stage of generating multiple solutions in the engineering design process .
Another problem that poses obstacles to innovation in engineering in China may be the lack of funds from the government for research and development (R&D) , thus engineers are hardly attracted to the R&D industry and the lack of funds to implement their new ideas .
Furthermore , the government gives very little reward to engineers who have done innovative work .
Mr . Yuan Long Ping , who is known as the "Father of Hybrid Rice" , had contributed to tremendous increase in the level of world's rice output through cultivating species of hybrid rice during the 1970's .
His innovation has saved millions of people from hunger all over the world .
However , the Chinese government only awarded him the State Preeminent Science and Technology Award of China in 2000 which was valued at merely 5 million yuan .
This was very little if it was meant to reward him for his more than twenty years' of hard work .
This lack of government support means , engineers will not be able to get resources , raw materials , precise equipment for research during engineering design process .
Thus the stage of testing and implementing solutions during the engineering design process is greatly hampered
In conclusion , the rigid education system and the governments limited incentives for innovations limit the number of innovative engineers and hinder the realization of innovative ideas if any .
These are hence  two prominent obstacles that hamper the engineering design processes for innovations in China .
Source:
1 .Khandani , S . 2005 .
Engineering design process Education transfer plan , Thesis (Ph .D .)
2 .Wikipedia .
(8 September , 2009) .
Yuan Longping .
Retrieved September , 2009 , from Wikipedia: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Yuan_Longping#Awards
The World Food Prize .
(8 September , 2009) .
2004 World Food Prize Laureates .
Retrieved September , 2009 , from The World Food Prize: http://www .worldfoodprize .org/laureates/Past/2004 .htm
In many companies , brilliant and capable engineers were often denied the opportunity to express their ideas through innovation .
Engineers in the past were innovative and a vast amount of creative ideas were generated to improve the technology .
However , many of these ideas were rejected by the corporate leaders of various companies .
The leaders were not risk-takers and reflected the ideas to be non-profitable to the company .
Passionate engineers ventured 'in the dark' and started a skunk works project as they were unable to gain their superiors supports .
There are many defining features of a conventionally generated technology with those of a comparable innovation that was created in a skunk works environment .
Skunk works projects do not have access to the full resources of the company , have their own rules and have to maintain confidentiality about their projects .
Skunk works projects have their limitations in terms of resources .
The project is helmed by the project managers and all problems , including technical and administrative , will be handled by them .
The research funds and human resources are not made available to them .
Therefore the project managers will have to find their own financial support to fund their projects .
The construction of the team will not be easy as the choices are limited .
The more capable engineers were already involved with other projects and there can be no way to transfer out without the knowledge of the superiors .
On the other hand , conventional projects have a huge backing from the corporate level .
All administrative issues will be settled in a much shorter time to allow the project to begin earlier .
Also , capable engineers will be assigned to the new project , depending on its priority .
Skunk works projects aim is to develop the innovation .
Hence the rules of the company need not  be enforced in their secret working environment .
Project managers will set the rules for those personnel involved .
There have been extreme examples of rules set by project managers where both emerged successful in their innovations .
In contrast , conventional project personnel have to follow the strict rules of the company .
An image has to be maintained .
Smart dress codes are to be adhered to at all times and working hours should be fully utilized in the company's interest .
The engineers often follow a monotonous lifestyle .
Skunk works projects are secret projects not to be revealed to anyone .
Personnel will have to maintain a double life for this project .
No discussions on the project are to be made .
Personnel often have to stay back late after office hours to work on their secret projects and no claim of overtime is allowed .
Since they are involved in a secret project , no rewards will be guaranteed .
On the contrary , conventional projects engineers take pride in their work .
Special privileges were often granted to those involved in high-profiled projects .
There will also be media coverage and time to time updates on their projects .
Engineers working for conventional projects are more at ease with their jobs .
However they face equal stress on their projects .
They will have to follow their company rules while their leaders support them financially .
Skunk work projects do not have the backing of their leaders , resulting in secrecy and extra work .
Engineers must be highly motivated and passionate to achieve results .
Therefore conventional projects and skunk works projects are different in nature .
However an engineer can be successful as long as he is highly motivated , passionate and diligent .
Two problems that may hamper engineering design processes for innovations in my home country .
In the real world , there are countless problems waiting and engineers are often the ones to take up this challenge as they strive towards finding the best solution through innovating new products .
An engineer tackles problems by first detecting the problem before carrying out the necessary research .
After which , engineers would then start developing their products and subsequently proceed to commercialize it .
It is necessary to recognize that the entire process is fraught with numerous difficulties which could impede an engineer's creativity .
These problems should be identified and rectified in order to prevent the emergence of additional problems .
As mentioned , the development of an intended product is part of the engineering design processes .
For these two processes , an engineer needs to be able to think out of the box .
One possible factor that might hamper such creativity is our educational system .
Singapore's education system has been structured in such a way that it is rigid and text based and does not teach students to apply what is being taught .
There is so much to learn in the syllabus and yet so little time .
Hence , we see chunks of lessons squeezed into packed timetables .
The time needed to fully understand the concepts are usually not enough .
Therefore , many students eventually end up merely memorizing and going through the motion instead of thinking of different ways to apply the knowledge learnt to the real world .
Furthermore , the choice of subjects is very limited and the subjects are mostly of the same nature .
For creativity to be induced , it is important to be exposed to knowledge from various different aspects .
Another portion of the design process involves commercialization .
For a new product or technology to be successful , it is required to be accepted by the public .
Therefore , the society is a big deciding factor for the success or failure of the product launched .
Sadly , society as a whole is generally not that receptive tto new ideas and innovative products .
This is a potential problem which would hamper engineering design processes .
Humans in general , like to stay within their comfort zone and is often unwilling to accept new ideas or changes in their lifestyle .
The new product needs to be widely accepted so that it will be profitable .
Hence , an unreceptive society is not going to generate enough profits to enable the product to be sustainable .
Without profits , engineers will not be able or motivated to continue research and development necessary to improve the products as it is simply not worth it to do so anymore .
An example would be the case of the refrigerator .
Refrigerators currently common in the market are electric refrigerators , which generally produce a "humming" sound .
A soundless refrigerator was in fact produced in 1930 .
However , during that time , large investments went channeled into the research and development of electric refrigerators .
Furthermore , electric refrigerators were more aggressively advertised for .
All these factors led to the downfall of the soundless refrigerator .
In sum , a society which is less receptive of new ideas and innovative products could lead to the hampering of engineering processes for innovation .
In conclusion , there are several factors that play a part in the success of innovative engineering processes .
It is necessary for engineers to exhibit a high level of creativeness .
Moreover , for a new product to succeed in the market , it has to be accepted by the society as they are the ones purchasing the products and making them profitable .
Two problems have been identified which might hamper creativeness in engineers .
Although measures that tackle these problems might have already been introduced , we have yet to witness the effectiveness of these measures .
Source:
Rogers , E . M . (2003) .
The generation of innovations .
In Diffusion of innovations (pp .136-158) .
New York: Free Press .
Despite  the poor environment , tough stress , and high risk , skunkworks indeed value more than conventional technology .
To some extent , conventionally generated technology usually improves our life , but innovation in skunkworks often changes our lives .
Skunkworks- defined to pioneer the development of a technological innovation , normally has  tougher working conditions .
Usually skunkworks cannot get enough support to create a satisfying working environment .
Due to  uncertainty , R&D groups in skunkworks often cannot find enough people to conduct the innovation .
Without initial capital and sufficient crew , the developing process has no way to start .
In addition , it is a fairly stressful job because of the limitation of time and the finance .
Just like the design team at Macintosh , they  worked day and night under the aggressive leadership of Steven Jobs .
By contrast , conventional technologies have well organized systems that can ensure the progress of work .
Seldom do they have a stressful workload .
The starting point of innovation in skunkworks and conventional technology are different .
Innovation in skunkworks is made for solving the potential problems or needs of life .
However , Conventional technologies is made for solving the existing problems or needs .
When NOKIA upgraded its N series hand phone annually , iPhone of the Apple company surprised the world , because it give a different definition to the touch phone .
The success of innovation is generally much more considerable than conventional technology .
To sum up , skunkworks usually has a tough environment and a stressful workload .
Furthermore , it is often at a high risk to invest in skunkworks .
However , for the desire of changing the way of how people live , and also for the considerable benefits for companies and human life , innovation in skunkworks plays a more vital role than the conventionally generated technology .
Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) vehicle is an alternative fuel vehicle .
Instead of using fossil fuels such as gasoline or diesel , it uses compressed natural gas which consists of mainly methane (CH4) as the fuel of a vehicle .
By 2008 , there are roughly 7 millions of CNG vehicles on the roads worldwide .
The development of CNG vehicle can be viewed as a socially determined technology , because of the influences of environmental , economic factors and government regulations on its development .
The Compressedhe development of CNG vehicle is determined by thenvironmental factor .
Unlike the normal gasoline vehicle which emits greenhouse and harmful gases , the power of CNG vehicle can emit 70% lesser CO2 and little harmful gas .
Therefore CNG vehicmillionre environmental friendly than gasoline vehicle .
In the context of global warming becoming more and more serious , the development of such environmental friendly vehicles becomes a must .
Many automobile manufacturers (Fiat , Volkswagen , Toyota and others) conducted a lot of research , development and innovations for a number of years using CNG as a fuel source for vehicles .
CNG equipment manufacturers have invested in research and development to improve this technology and make it convenient and available for consumers globally (wikipedia ,2009) .
Apart from reducing the air pollution , Natural gas vehicle also produces lower noise levels than gasoline vehicle .
This is another positive feature of CNG vehicle .
The greater use of CNG vehicles for public transportation will result in a quieter urban environment , which will be a plus for our living environment .
(Lim , 2001) Thus , it is the environmental factor that spurred the development of CNG vehicle .
In recent years , with its growing prosperity and affluence , China is investing more on science and technology development .
However , the lack of research funding and an inflexible education system , in my opinion , has significantly hampered engineering design process in China .
First of all , lack of research funding has significantly hindered the development of many engineering design projects in China .
In China , innovation in science and technology is mostly driven by the state , rather than by the grass roots .
In contrast with some developed countries , the spending in R&D in China is obviously not as abundant .
Statistics shows that R&D spending takes up 3 .2 percent of GDP in US and 2 .9 percent in Singapore .
However , it is only 1 .4 percent in China .
Also , a large proportion of the R&D funding goes to the state-owned military and defense technology cooperation , leaving even less for the rest of the R&D programmes .
The lack of funding gives rise to dissatisfactory research conditions and also implies that many of the engineering design projects may meet either construction or operating budget crunches long before any productive work can be done .
Thus insufficient funding is a prominent factor that hampers engineering design process in China .
On top of that , an inflexible education system in China has also hampered its engineering design process .
In order to come out with a new product , the engineers must be able to think out of the box and possess practical skills .
However , the education system in China does not train the student to think creatively and provide few chances for the students to put what they learn into practice .
The education in China is very much exam-oriented .
The students study hard in order to excel in exams .
The only aim of the students seems to be doing well in the university entrance examination and being enrolled into renowned universities .
In the so-called cramming method of teaching , teachers pay particular attention to memorization , even at the cost of comprehension .
During the examination , the students are evaluated by how much they memorize , and not on how they think .
Such a rigid education system has significantly hindered students' creativity and poorly equipped them to apply knowledge in the real world .
In conclusion , the lack of research funding and an exam-oriented education system are the two most significant factors which have hampered engineering design process in China .
However , in its eleventh Five-Year Plan , the Chinese government has promised to increase the R&D spending to 2 .5 percent of GDP by the end of 2010 .
Also , the education system in well developed cities such as Beijing and Shanghai is under restructure to better prepare the younger generation to compete in the globalized world .
Thus , the condition of engineering design in China may have a more positive outlook in the future .
Nowadays , we have entered an age of technology .
It seems that technology is everywhere around us , and it has a great impact on our lives .
Therefore , it is beneficial for us to learn more about innovation and technology .
In general , technology can be divided into two types .
One kind of technology is conducted via research .
For example , in 1970s , a new tomato variety was launched by a research team in California .
This tomato variety could be harvested by machine , which was a big success .
The other one is discovered by serenity , and an example of it is the discovery of Warfarin , the effective rat killer .
These two examples both have their own features , since they belong to either type of technology respectively .
In my opinion , the innovation of mechanized tomato and Warfarin technology differ in their start , process and key to success .
The hard tomato program and the discovery of Warfarin started differently .
The program of hard tomato varieties began withe 1970's ,idea .
A California agriculture professor foresaw a future labor shortage in California and came up with a roughmachinesf tomatoes that could be picked by machine .
Then , he proposed this idea to his institution and got the research started .
However , the discovery of Warfarin happened during another research .
Prof Link , the discoverer of Warfarin , was involved in a research of sweet clove disease at that time .
After about ten years' research , he discovered Warfarin one day in an unrelated experiment , which turned out to be the most impressive progress in the whole research .
The big profit made by the patent was used to support other research projects of Madison professors , provide financial aid to doctoral students and cover other research expenses .
Moreover , the progresses of the two technologies are not alike .
The hard tomato program followed a whole procedure of research works .
A group of scientists were gathered together in an institution .
They were supposed to use the scientific approach to solve various unexpected problems occurring in the research .
In the process , development was extremely important .
Not only should the scientists figure out how to breed the variety , but also they needed to do other non-research works in order to successfully put the variety into practice .
They also cared aboof researchommercialization part .
All of these included building a prototype of the machine used to pick the tomatoes , contacting producers who were willing to sell their products , making their research results known to the local farmers and collecting their feedbacks to improve .
Finally , they came up with their research results after many years' research , in due time according to their plan .
years ofthey alsoIn contrast , in the case of Warfarin , the process was a reversed one .
The product came out first accidentally , followed up with some research to get a better understanding of the discovery .
Warfarin was put into practice directly after it , because its use was totally known when discovering it .
The whole process was highly effective and by chance .
No one expected it before head .
Besides , although both these two technology were successful , the keys to their success are different .
As the hard tomato program was a research project conducted by a group of people , I think the success was mainly due to teamwork and cooperation of the whole group .
On the contrary , the key to success in Warfarin lies on Prof Link , who discovered the chemical .
In conclusion , the mechanized tomtechnologiesm has different start , process and key to suweress from the discovery of Warfarin .
Technology is progressing every day , and different products are created following these new technologies .
Our life become more convenient with these technological products and companies can benefit from producing these products .
However , not all the technological products can bring profit to their companies .
Before manufacturing a product , companies have to evaluate its profitability and denied those products with an uncertain future .
Engineers who are enthusiastic with these "no future" products form a group to work out the products , and this kind of groups are called "Skunk works" .
Conventionally generated technologies and technologies in "Skunk works" are of great difference while they still have features in common .
Technology in "Skunk works" is like a double-side sword , which not only can become a great success but also can be a super failure in future .
Working in a "Skunk works" environment is much tougher than in a conventional way , engineers working in "Skunk works" would not be rewarded unless their work turn out to be a success .
Nevertheless , both of "Skunk works" technology and conventional technology make contribution to technology development .
a contributionturnsare notas engineersenvironmentComparing to conventional generated technology , "Skunk works" has a greausinglo become a big fail ,Lifehas becomelso has a potential to be successful .
It is comfortable for engineers to make technology work and to optimize a design under en condition .
Whereas , a well optimized design is worthless if it cannot meet the desires , or at least needs , of the customers .
Therefore , on rejectthout sufficient market research , "Skunk works" is faced with a higabouttential to be a failure .
On the other han" can these ccess in market .
Like E .M . Rogers mentioned in his article -"the Birth of the Laptop Computer at Toshiba" , laple of successful "Skunk works" .
On the contrary , conventional generated technology is much safer than "Skunk works" , it can bring steady profit to its company , but , to most cin the future playing safe is not enough to compete with their competitors .
"Skunk works" and conventional projects are different , but botvery differentg contribution to the development of technology .
Conventional generated technologies are closely connected to our life .
By doing sufficient market research , technologies are controlled to provide things that can fulfill our desires , and these technoloworkmake our life become more and more convenient .
"Skunk works" care more about technology itself , and its aim is to produce the most advanced and optimized designs .
Therefore , "Skunk works" can promote the innovation of technology , and it also provides a big platform for creative engineers .
With the largestpulation and adChinaural resources , China has developed quite well .
However , nowadays new technology is playing a more and more important role in the whole society and replacing the importance of resources .
However , there are two significant problems in China restricting the development of the technology .
One of them is that the intellectual property rights in China are not protected well; there are many illegal copy phenomena in China .
The other problem is that the normal employees in many companies are not valued much by the employers .
The phenomena of illegal copiesot inspirited also limits the innovation in technology .
There is no doubt that China has developed fast and well since the foundation of the country .
Howevepopularity rate of computershas increased terprises in China , we will of the huge entlevelsses are public and relied on resources anonopoly .
Huge enterprises which relin high technology are very few .
One of the reasons is that normal employrestrictsnot inspirited to take part in the innovation .
In many companies , only some certain research staffs take part in the innovation of technology while normal employees just do their routine work .
Compared to profonal research staffs , normal employees have more experience about certain productions .
As the employers do nohow much respect to normal employees , few employees will try their best to provide their experience to research staffs .
Without practical experience , research and innovation are difficult to achieve .
We probably know that IBM employers value every employee in the company .
Many employees have a chance to put up a suggestion to the company .
With the largints of outcomes of experience and observation , research staffs can achieve new production relatively more easily .
Therefthe illegal copy phenomenayees are not inspirited restrs the innovation of technology in China .
As the pace of society quickens , people around the world are faced with an increasing number of problems .
These problems could be man-made or naturally occurring .
Regardless of the cause , people have realized there is a need to find a way to solve these problems and improve their way of life .
This is where engineering design process plays an important role .
This process involves the identifying of the problem , gathering relevant information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting the most appropriate and feasible solution and finally , testing and implementing the solution in the real world .
(Khandani , S . 2005) However , not everything is smooth sailing , and there are problems that may hamper the engineering design process .
In Singapore , one of the problems that engineers might face during the engineering design process is that Singapore's education system is rigid .
Due to the inflexibility of the education system , Singaporeans have grown up getting used to rote learning .
This means they memorise formulae and information from the texts without really understanding , questioning and analyzing what they are studying .
This leads them to not being able to think out of the box and thinking of creative or alternative solutions other than those provided by the teaching system in Singapore .
Firstly , they would have trouble identifying problems in the real world .
The education system in Singapore works in such a way that the boundaries of problems are defined clearly .
There is usually a fixed method as to how a question is answered .
However , in reality , problems are not clearly seen and observation skills are needed to identify causes and sources of problems .
Engineers might also find it difficult to think of various approaches to tackle the problem , and also to use analytical skills to decide on the best method to solve the problem .
Secondly , as the information needed to solve questions and problems in school is already provided in textbooks and notes , engineers have not honed their skills of doing research for relevant information .
Thus , they might encounter trouble in gathering relevant information needed to solve the problem they may face .
Another major problem that engineers might face in Singapore is that people are less receptive to innovations and ideas as compared to  Western countries .
The older generation is especially resistant to change , and would rather use products that they are used to .
Thus , despite the presence of new innovations that would greatly improve their way of life , they might not be so accepting of these new products .
This would affect the testing and implementation of the solution during the process .
When surveying the feasibility of the solution , results would not be accurate as the target group of an older age would generally be less supportive towards the new idea .
If the customer base for the new innovation is too small , investors will be less willing to provide funds to fund research and development of new innovations and products , therefore affecting the whole design process .
In conclusion , it is inevitable that there will be problems that might affect the various stages of the design process .
However , measures have definitely been taken to tackle these problems .
For example , the education system has now definitely improved in terms of its rigidity .
Since 2005 , the Ministry of Education (MOE) has introduced Project Work (PW) to junior colleges in order to improve communicative skills of students , as well as to encourage building of teamwork among students .
Hopefully in the near future , more effort will be put in to encourage society to be more accepting of new innovations that would greatly change their way of life for the better , and also to encourage in not just aspiring engineers but in students in general , skills that they are able to use and apply in handling problems in the real world .
Sources:
* Khandani , S . 2005 .
Engineering design process - Education transfer plan , Thesis (Ph .D .)
Rapid industrialization is one of the main economic boosters that characterize today's society .
Singapore is a good example of such a society .
Since the 1960s , there has been a paradigm shift from  low end industrialization to  high end industrialization thus resulting in a rapid depletion of the already scarce resources .
Land scarcity is one of the pressing human needs that may require immediate attention .
Engineering design processes are therefore created to meet the above mentioned human needs .
One of the final processes is to analyse and select a solution .
According to Khandani , Ergonomics is crucial in the designing process because production of final products must not result in disaster .
For example , the construction of Nicole Highway initially resulted in injuries but after detailed analysis made by relevant experts , the final product is on its way to completion without casualty .
Construction of sky scrapers is relatively safe despite their height due to deep analytical insights in the construction of these buildings .
As a result , the final products serve its purpose without imposing damage to the surroundings .
In conclusion , engineering design processes are generic as they can cater to all possible problems and help to benefit mankind greatly .
Land scarcity is a good example of the applications of all these processes .
The naissance of all the greatest technologies and discoveries always have two different scenarios .
One is via research and the other is the result from some serendipitous discovery .
But history shows us sometimes the fates of the two kinds of technologies birthed in different ways are also not the same .
The "designs" are thought highly by people at the beginning , though the importance of the "accidents" is realized much later .
Actually the major cases of engineering inventions coincide with the "design" way .
Many great technologies can be successfully designed should owning to people persistent effect , countless experiment plenty of precise analysis and a mass of sources .
Though it's may just a matter of few second's time for the final success of a new technology development , the process from its infancy to maturity can be very long and tough .
With the coming out of a technology people will , of course , show their high concern on it , because it already cost a lot .
Take the atomic weapon test as an example , decades years ago the military of USA intent to make use of the power of atomic , they employed a lot human and non-human sources to complete numerous experiment and test , plenty of money was spent to invite talented scientists and engineers to come to help them make the most powerful weapon all through the human's history .
According to the information from Wikipedia "The Manhattan Project cost 2 billion dollar , this includes the cost of the two bombs used as well as the test bomb .
This would be about 23 billion US dollars today .
The development and production of the delivery device (the B-29) cost more than the Manhattan Project ."
Then US treated this new technology as their most precious weapon , of course it was deserved .
medicinegradually begandid theintroducednor didthe alchemistWhatCompared to the development of atomic bomb , the discovery of gunpowder is just an accident or somethinunexpectedle that no one plans to make it realize before it some of the greatest .
In my opinion , this must be very crucial to explain why nobexampleches importance to this new technology at first .
That's to say , though , waschnologies like that may somehow change the world , it is not ithe alchemiste's contemplation , time is needed forthe elixire to realize theaimed at giving people immortality .t 
In 2005 , one of the most dreadful news revealed that {Kuwait}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Kuwait]'s {Al Burqan Oil Field}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Al_Burqan_Oil_Field] , which is the second largest oil field in the world will be depleted before the middle of this century (AME Info , Inc . 2005) .
Meanwhile , the up-going oil price also indicates an undoubting truth that we are facing a tough challenge , energy crisis .
According to oxford English dictionary (2006) , engineering is defined as the "science , discipline , art and profession of acquiring and applying technical , scientific and mathematical knowledge to design and implement materials , structures , machines , devices , systems , and {processes}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Process_(engineering)] that safely realize a desired objective or inventions ."
Overwhelmed by the demand of energy , to increase the energy efficiency should be viewed as the priority of the desired objective or inventions of engineering design .
Toshiba's laptop and Microsoft's operating systems are two technologies that were created under different conditions and environments .
Toshiba's laptop is often known as a skunk work innovation whereas Microsoft'sis known  as a conventionally created product .
The key difference in these two products is the support they received during the creation process .
However , both are known to be successful creations .
The first difference is the lack of support for the creation of Toshiba's laptop as compared to Microsoft's operating system .
According to Rogers , due to the fact that Toshiba's laptop creator Tetsuya Mizoguchi failed to convince his superiors in Toshiba to support his laptop project , he was not able to receive any research and development funding .
The funds would have been useful to help him cover the cost of production .
Furthermore , his superiors refused to assign experienced engineers to aid him .
(1)
* {http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/United_States_Microsoft_antitrust_case}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/United_States_Microsoft_antitrust_case]
In comparison , although Bill Gates himself is the boss of Microsoft , he received much external support .
In January 1975 , the president of Micro Instrumentation and Telemetry Systems (MITS) agreed to let Gates and his partner to develop a program for MITS new microcomputer .
It would be useless if there was no hardware for Gates' program to work on .
With this , he went on to create new programs with the support of his entire team at Microsoft .
(2)
The vision of these two innovators also differs .
Bill Gates' way of running the business is largely monopolistic .
According to the article (2) , Gates actually wrote to computer hobbyists demanding that they pay for the usage of his program so as to allow him to continue to write quality programs .
In May 1998 , Microsoft was accused of abusing its monopoly power to keep rivals out of the market .
Its operating system is believed to favour Microsoft's web browser and not other competing browsers like the Netscape Navigator and Opera .
(3)
On the other hand , Mizuguchi's idea was to create a laptop that was compatible with IBM's platform despite the fact that they were competing for the same market share .
He recognised that IBM was dominant at the time and that it would be fair to  consumers to allow them to use an IBM compatible peripheral Toshiba laptop .
If Mizoguchi had done otherwise , people would probably only buy Toshiba's laptop for its convenience .
Similarly for Microsoft , Gates rode on the success of IBM's personal computer by becoming the full owner of a program that was written especially for IBM's personal computer .
The program was then sold to IBM , without the copyright .
This  allowed them to have a monopoly in the industry .
In conclusion , despite the fact that both skunk work and conventionally created technologies differ in the environment where they are being produced , they will still be successful if their creators have the determination and are full of ideas .
* The Birth of the Laptop Computer at Toshiba by E .M . Rogers
* {http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Bill_Gates}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Bill_Gates]
The birth of new technologies and inventions come about in different forms and through different processes .
Although the innovations may be comparably similar , the conditions where they were created may be totally different .
An example would be  the case of conventionally invented electric cars by General Motors and the first laptop that was invented in a skunk works environment by an engineer from Toshiba .
There are certain differences and similarities between these two .
Differences like , risks involved , working environments , marketing strategies and similarities like the visions and goals of both innovations .
The first difference between the two types of innovation is risks involvement and work stress .
For conventionally generated technology , companies would select a team or department and assign tasks to them .
Then , they would set out to complete their tasks , without having to calculate the risks involved because these are what they are supposed to do .
For skunk works  created technology , the person who suggested the innovation has to take very big risks because it is their own project , theyare not supported by companies , only their own team .
As mentioned in Rogers' article on the 'Birth of laptops' , Tetstiya Mizoguchi , a Japanese technologist , disobeyed orders and risked his career for the sake of innovation-development which in the endwas successful .
Therefore , risk taking is unavoidable in skunk works .
Secondly , the processes in which the new technology are designed and carried out  are totally different between the two types of innovations .
The electric car was researched and built by the R&D department from General Motors .
The team had full funding from the company to support their costs in researching and designing electric motor cars .
On the other hand , Tetstiya Mizoguchi who led the invention of the first laptop , had no team initially and was not funded by his company because his proposal of creating a laptop , was rejected by his company .
Therefore , people who are working in a skunk works environment have to gather their own team and a substantial amount of money before they can actually start on their project .
As such , because of limited funds the team or individual have in skunk works , they have more stress because they cannot afford to fail .
Because of disapproval from companies , the working space for skunk works innovation is usually smaller and limited as compared to those who work under companies to create new technology .
As mentioned in Rogers' article  , Tetstiya Mizoguchi and his team went 'underground' and worked at a factory which was far away from Toshiba's headquarters .
Therefore , for skunk works innovations , people have to find their own team , funding , and workspace to carry out their project .
The third difference is the limitations of marketing .
For conventional innovations headed by big companies , they have their own marketing department to advertise and test their products .
They have the ability to make their products appealing to the public and attract them to test their prototypes .
In the case study of the creation of electric motor cars by General Motors written by Rogers , General Motors went to the extent of putting advertisements in newspapers and came out with marketing campaigns to publicise their new product .
On the contrary , products or technology created from a skunk works environment do not have the capabilities to roll out massive campaigns to advertise due to the lack of funds .
They have to depend on their own network to publicise their product and introduce their prototypes to the public .
Comparing the two articles written by Rogers , the target group for skunk works prototypes testing usually started small , and then eventually became bigger as more people accepted the product; whereas in the case of conventionally created products , the target group is very large in the beginning due to large scale marketing campaigns .
The similarity between the innovations created under different environments is that both  wanted to come out with solutions to solve problems that were present .
In the case of Toshiba's first laptop invention , Tetstiya Mizoguchi wanted to solve the problem which most Japanese companies faced ,  crowded offices which prevented the usage of more desktops due to the lack of space; while , electric motor cars were created to lessen pollution .
In conclusion , there are various differences and similarities between conventional or skunk works innovations , but at the end of the day , both have produced products that have helped to solve problems and bring benefits to the people of the world .
In 1943 , Abraham Maslow published a theory on  the hierarchy of needs of people .
In his study , he defined five stages of needs; they are , in descending order of importance , physiological , safety , love and belonging , esteem and finally self-actualization .
In view of the world today ,  engineers should tackle the most important human need  .
This is of course one of our basic physiological needs , water , which is imperative in sustaining life . .
The five stage engineering design process , as proposed by Khandani , will guide engineers in making solutions to solve this problem . 
Potable water , the source of life , has become  in third world countries .
Drinking water that has not been treated  can lead to life threatening diseases .
According to the World Health Organization report in the year 2000 , Africa , home to a population of 784 million people , faces dire shortages of clean and disease free drinking water .
Furthermore , it is the continent with the least supply of potable water .
Nearly 48% of its human population has no immediate access to water supplies .
This is clearly a problem that needs to be addressed as soon as possible .
4 Lifestraw by Torben Vestergaard-Frandsen .
{http://www .vestergaard-frandsen .com/lifestraw .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .vestergaard-frandsen .com/lifestraw .htm]
5BBC News , "New straw to kill disease as you drink" , May 2006 , {http://news .bbc .co .uk/2/hi/africa/4967452 .stm}[HYPERLINK: http://news .bbc .co .uk/2/hi/africa/4967452 .stm]
According to Khandani , the first step is to define the problem of the water shortage in Africa .
It is important that engineers realize the true root of the problem , so as not to waste resources on a solution that does not work .
For instance , one may think of solving the water shortage by building desalination plants throughout the coast of Africa ,  only to realize that he or she did not address the problem  at all .
Because the water shortage may not lie in the quantity of water , but rather in the ease of access to potable water in Africa .
Hence , the first stage of the engineering design process has to be thought out carefully .
The second step is to research  the shortage of potable water .
Engineers have to understand why current technology has failed to solve the water shortage , and the oversights of engineers of the previous technology .
For example , a company has produced "LifeStraw" , a portable device that processes safe drinkable water  by removing microscopic bacteria through its filters .
Something like this may seem like a godsend to the people of Africa , but  its downfall is its cost and the problem of transportation of filtered water .
Therefore , a thorough understanding of the limitations of technology can guide engineers to invent a product that fulfills all the criteria .
Lastly , the fifth step is to make and test the developed technology .
This allows engineers to troubleshoot problems in the device and make changes prior to production .
This ensures the product meets expectations  .
In a nutshell ,  the five stages of engineering design introduced by Khandani can help engineers plan and develop solutions to solving the water shortage in Africa , thereby saving countless lives in dire need of safe drinking water .
Bibliography
1Janet A . Simons , Donald B . Irwin and Beverly A . Drinnien , "Abraham Maslow's Hierarchy of needs" , West Publishing Company (1987) , New York .
{http://honolulu .hawaii .edu/intranet/committees/FacDevCom/guidebk/teachtip/maslow .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://honolulu .hawaii .edu/intranet/committees/FacDevCom/guidebk/teachtip/maslow .htm]
2 Khandani Seyyed , "Engineering design process" (2005) .
Retrieved June 29 , 2009 , {http://www .iisme .org/etp/HS%20Engineering-%20Engineering .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .iisme .org/etp/HS%20Engineering-%20Engineering .pdf]
3 Len Abrams , "Water for basic needs" , Commissioned by the World Health Organisation as input to 1st World Water Development Report , {http://www .africanwater .org/basic_needs .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .africanwater .org/basic_needs .htm]
Back in 1943 , while working on the secret project P-80 Shooting Star jet fighter , one of the team engineers in Lockheed Martin Corporation , Irv Curler answered a call by saying "Skonk Works , inside man Culver speaking ."
The name was soon adopted for usage in engineering , business and technical field to describe a small group of people  working on secret projects (How Skunkworks Got Its Name , par .2) .
Skunkworks have been a huge contributor for  invention for many decades .
Therefore , skunkworks drive  innovation to conventionally generated technology .
3 .
Facebook , History; http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Facebook
As mentioned , skunkworks  always lack  resources ,  .
As a start-up , Facebook didn't have the funding which its competitor , Myspace had .
As the history suggests , Myspace had everything  when they first launched , including funding .
The site was designed by the experienced eUniverse engineers(Myspace , History; par .2) .
Unlike Facebook , Myspace used its resources to push its program to the masses .
Thus , they got instant popularity in the beginning .
However , Facebook trounced Myspace recently , setting its user numbers to a record high .
It can clearly be seen that , skunkworks are no loser to conventional technology despite funding problems .
While conventionally generated technology are opened to the public , skunkworks undertake secret projects .
Before Facebook was created , Mark hacked into the Harvard School system to get the information of all the students  .
He posted the information up on a site called Facemash which paired photos of undergraduates with the visitors(Facebook , History; par .
1) .
Soon Harvard yanked Mark's connection .
Nevertheless , Mark didn't stop right there .
Instead , he scarified his sleeping time to program another program to replace Facemash , which is the Facebook we all are using today .
He started off the program alone without opening it to public before it was launced .
Myspace took a different approach to show the public what they were doing .
The underlying reason could be the confidence Myspace had over their program because of the size of their resources which Facebook didn't have .
Although there are many differences between skunkworks and conventional technology , both of them drive innovation in the same way as the other .
Despite the fact that the approaches they take are obviously different , they share the same goal , which is to innovate  future products .
Either Facebook or Myspacecan be used share information without borders .
They are competing with each other by introducing new features .
Thereby , the healthy competition between both parties should improve one another .
In conclusion , innovation that was created in a skunkworks environment is comparable to conventionally generated technology .
Sources:
1 .
How Skunkworks Got Its Name;
http://www .lockheedmartin .com/aeronautics/skunkworks/name .html
2 .
Myspace , History; http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Myspace
One of the few positive impacts arose by Iraq war is that governments as well as individuals came into awareness of how our dependence on oil , gas and other petrol products can trap us into serious situation once the supply of petrol is limited .
Moreover , the importance of finding new , sustainable and eco-friendly energy sources is now aware by people .
For solving this problem , no one else is more suitable than engineers .
Indeed , the utmost purpose for the existence of engineers is to improve the living standard and satisfy the higher requirements of human beings by creating or improving the products used in daily life .
In daily life , energy supply is so important because almost all the human activities , like cooking , working , heating and even water supply cannot work normally without electricity , and the emerging energy shortage is impossible to solve without the development of new energy source .
Thus , government should give priority to the research of economy , environmental-friendly and sustainable energy .
The basic steps for engineers to find new energy is shown as below .
The energy crisis appears to ncreasingly serious as human beings' consumption keep increasing wWhen judgingncrease in enersupply is slow .
Since engineerse the most isuch as ,t in discovering new energy sources and the aim of their work is to meet people's needs , they should give priority to the development of new energy .
Since 2000 , the government has been driving Singapore towards a Knowledge-based Economy .
On one hand , much effort and funding has been put into our education system to prepare our people for the Knowledge-based Economy .
On the other hand , Singapore has always encouraged companies , regardless of their size , to do more in Research and Development (R&D) .
The reason for doing  is thatour government has realised the importance of R&D in Singapore's progress as a nation .
Although much effort and funding has been spent on R&D , some problems still exist to significantly hinder engineering design processes for innovations .
In conclusion , some problems may significantly hinder engineering design processes for innovations , but Singapore is trying its best to solve these problems .
In addition , in this imperfect world , engineers are always solving problems that arise to make a better world .
A problem will not last infinitely , it will be solved eventually .
Over the last couples of years , with the developing of China , all industries , especially manufacturing industry , are developing into a large scale .
However , it is strange that not so much big companies like Lenovo and Haier exist with such a large-scale industry and such a large home market .
Instead , millions of small companies are operating their small business everywhere , and large transnational corporations are enjoying their profit in Chinese market .
How come ?
I think it is because of lacking innovations in engineering designs .
Many companies , especially the small ones , are following others' steps to design and manufacture their products , expecting some profits in the market are still there , left for them .
Then , another question rise: what hamper innovations in engineering design ?
I think there are two primary reasons , high costs in engineering design with relatively low rewards and unsatisfying engineering education system .
an unsatisfying engineering education system .
Firstly , many companies lack money to supdevelopmentations in their product design .
As I mthe manufacturing industryturing companies onhina are running their business in a small-scale .
Wmanythey manage to do is making their designs slight different from other similar ones , which make their products quite elastic in the market .
These companies have to take the price from the market , which indicates a meagre profit .
And that is why they do not the Chinese marketneThis is probably due to the lack of innovation down .
Moreover , even if companies have enough money to support innovative design ,each other'say not do so .
In Chinese emerging market , not allexpecting thatin innovation are rewarding .
Instead , ollowing others is proved to be more prarises ,ble sohamperss .
Another group of companies are manufacturing products for large transnational corporations , which do not care about design .
has provedinvestmentsthe emerging Chinese  marketIn most casesSecondly , the engineering education is not focusing so much on innovation but memorizing .
This limits engineers' ideas when they are designing products .
Thus , enginonrs are more likely to use the similar moduto maket they learn inslightlyl or university instead of bothering to comakeser another , perhaps a better , way .
According to Dr . Seyyed Khandani , five steps for solving engineering problems are:
* Define tproblem
3 .
Generate multiple solutions
4 .
Analyze and select a solution
5 .
Test and implement the solution
However , many engineers educated in universities usually focus more on how to get a solution using formulas and laws .
Other steps are neglected unfortunately .
Behind prosperity of the products "made in China" during the last few years , it is lack of innovations in products oand other steps are unfortunately neglected .
the main reasons why we lack innovation are high costs and low rewards of innovation in China and unsatisfying engineering education system .
I hope things are starting to change now .
The common challenges faced by  developed and developing countries are the daily demands for improvement in various areas , be it economy , infrastructure or even society .
Nation building is never easy; hence governments worldwide engage specialists , engineers in particular , for assistance .
Engineers plying their trades in Singapore , however , will face two major problems  which  are potentially critical in the future development of the city-state .
Singapore , besides being famous for its airport and most recently named as the best place for business by the World Bank , is also famous because of its size .
Hence , local engineers encounter their first major test in their quest: limited land space .
With just 647 square kilometres of land area , it has always been an essential as well as historical issue for the country's development .
Land limitation greatly reduces the range of technological advances local engineers can create in our country .
For example , lack of wide drainage areas force us to adapt building waste water reclamation plants instead , which admittedly drew ridicule from our neighbouring countries .
Despite ongoing plans to build a third plant , Singapore is still rather reliant on Malaysia for the sale of water .
Reclamation of land from the ocean was also limited due to sensitivity of border issues , thus hindering any designs that require huge spaces .
Burning of waste materials hence provide our major source of energy instead of bulky power plants .
Past engineering miracles in housing now require an upgrade in innovation and design due to the cultural shift in our society , as the younger generation now demands quality unlike the past , when the more crucial task was providing a roof for every citizen .
There is another common global issue , muchworse in Japan , and that is the ageing population crisis  .
Entry into the 21st century provides the world with a whole new set of problems: pandemic flu , terrorism and the emergence of a group of senior citizens .
Singapore has no chance of avoiding it as it also experienced a post war 'baby boom' period during the 1960s .
A new research report revealed that Singapore is set to be the world's third- fastest ageing nation , as the proportion of those aged 65 and above will double to 20 per cent in 2020 (The Straits Times , June 28 , 2008) .
Adding  to this problem , Singapore , being a small country , has always faced a talent crisis .
Low birth rates coupled with the outflow of local talent forces the government to resort to adopting a foreign talent scheme in order to increase the talent pool in the city .
An ageing population creates a new dilemma to engineers working on their designs , because they have to rebuild or edit all their past creations so as to be 'elderly-friendly' , a phenomenon unheard of during the early days of nation building .
This will be a somewhat testing task as they cannot rely on any past references in Singapore , so any designs will be a risk taken by them .
Nowadays we are living infast developing world which provides not only abundant goods but also convenient and functional productions .
People's increasing desire for higher living qualities push our engineers to work on designing new things .
While , things does not get on as it seems to be .
Many negative factors exert on the processes for innovations that significantly hamper the design .
Now focus on the things in my home country , China , there are two main factors: the overflow of copying and lack of money .
Since USSR's Obninsk Nuclear Power Plant was established on June 27th 1954 , nuclear power has becoming one of the most important energy resources in the world .
By 2007 , an estimated of 14% of the global electricity come from nuclear reactions according to the International Atomic Energy Agency .
And due to the ever increasing consumption of oil and its limited reserves , it is predicted that there would be a further surge for nuclear energy .
Nuclear power was first discovered scientist in 19th century .
They realized that heavy nuclei , which were unstable , would undergo fission if collided with highly energetic particles to gain stability .
In this process , a certain amount of energy would be released because of the decrease in the total mass of the products and reactants .
Since the equation governing this change is E=mc^2 , an enormous amount of energy could be released even if there is an only a tiny amount of change in the mass .
In addition , no byproducts will be produced .
As a result , it is perceived as an alternative of liable energy resources .
However , the development of nuclear power is greatly affected by non-technical issues , namely military , political and economical factors .
perceived as beingRecentthe USSR's an and North Korea are facing sanctions from various countries and continent bhas becomeeir nuclear development .
Both countries are accused of possessing nuclear weaponwhich wo present a great thrcameto the world .
In this case , it clearly presented how political factors structdDuee advancement of important technology like nuclear power .
In North Korea's case , they started thwillelopment of nuclear technology because of the raise of tension with South Kby scientistsce , the 19th Century .
nuclear development as a way to sort out the disputes over policies .
At the same time , Iran makes use of nuclear power to resist American policies and its influence in the region as well .
For nations like Iran and North Korea , the development of nuclear power is mainly determined by the political forces .
It is employed as a means to achieve certain political goals whereas the technical aspects are inferior .
Despite the political impact onhave been facinghave facedar technologies in the less develolitary forces are likely to exert a similar impact on development of nuclear power in those more developed countries .
For instance , the US militaThis case clearly presentss viable source to provhave structured for the military uses .
Due to logistic reason combined with the unstoppable depletion rate , scientists in the United State is diverting most of theirincreased into research of how to make nuclear power as a readily mobile and less dangerous energyurce for military uses .
useonarereasonsusea viable sourceIn conclusion , the recent innovan and development have showed the impact of political , military and other social factors .
Moreover , they arthe development of nuclear powerinfluence in the future .
Similar to the development of technology ,  innovation has become more and more important all over the world .
In order to survive and develop in the competitive world , it is crucial for not only many countries , but also  individuals to fully develop the process for innovations .
According to Rogers (2003) , there are six main stages of this process , namely the needs and problems , research , development , commercialization , diffusion and adoption and the stage of consequences .
However , in some countries there are still many problems which restrict the development of these stages .
Take China as an example , there are two main problems  hampering the development of innovation .
First of all , the education system has a big effect on the process of recognizing the problems or needs which is the fundamental stage of the innovation-development process .
It is true that the Chinese  education system excels  in laying the solid foundations of knowledge and skills which are also very important in doing  research and studies , but the lack of flexibility and creativeness of the Chinese education system is still a big problem .
As a result , many students get used to accepting  information  without thinking and investigating by themselves .
Consequently , it becomes quite difficult for them to discover  potential problems even when they try  to  .
However , Innovation requires students to develop the ability of discovering problems instead of being easily satisfied with the current situation or just following the rules .
In fact , most  famous inventions or significant scientific discoveries are based on the ability of questioning .
If Watt did not realize the shortcomings of the traditional streamer , the age of stream maybe would not have been invented so fast .
If Galileo did not challenge and had simply accepted the statements presented by Aristotle thousands of years ago , people may not have realized the nature of free fall motion for a long time .
Without the awareness of recognizing or discovering  problems , the innovation process cannot proceed smoothly .
In addition to the education problems ,  economic development is also one of the important limitations for China .
General speaking , the success of innovation needs a lot of prerequisites .
Not only  human resources , but also  financial resources have an impact on the development of innovation .
The implementation of many big projects or innovations requires large amounts of economic support .
Indeed , the economy of China is accelerating at high speed  .
However , it is really hard to meet all the needs of the rapid innovation-development  .
Compared with some developed countries , China still cannot provide large amounts of financial aid to encourage and support scientists and engineers in doing the process of research and in putting these innovations into practice .
In a nutshell , for the importance of developing the processes of innovation , it is  necessary to solve these existing problems  .
Only if China tries to minimize these potential limitations , will the innovation-development processes succeed and flourish .
Penicillin is a type of antibiotic that is used against bacterial infections .
It is a serendipitous discovery made by Alexander Fleming from a petri-dish with bacteria left behind from his experiments when he went for a holiday .
In-vitro fertilization is the process of making fertilization of eggs with sperms outside the womb of the mother and the technique is invented through researches .
Many may think that serendipitous discoveries are just by luck , but through the comparison of penicillin and in-vitro fertilization , we will realize that serendipitous discoveries are just as complex and impactful as technologies created through research .
However , despite the difference in the expected results of the experiments leading to the discovery of penicillin and in-vitro fertilization , the environments in which both technologies were developed and the proresearchen are similar .
Fleming did his experiments in his laboratory as he was a professor in a hospital .
Likewise , Carl Wood (founder of in-vitro fertilization) and various other scientists did their experiments on the in-vitro feantibiotic techniques ondoing researchoratories too .
After the discovery of anti-bacteria subsinnce , Fleming did his wassearches to ove on the results just like what the researchers for In-vitro fertilization did .
Both the technologies have to go through laboratory testing and many other processes before the final formula is derived .
Hence , both the technologies are developed in a laboratory environment with sufficient equipments for their testing and both requires extra steps even after discovering the correct method of making the technology .
requiredequipmentwerehadinresearchan anti-bacterialIn addition , both the technologies are developed not only by the person who founded the technology .
Penicillin was actually extracted successfully from the fungus by Ernst Chain .
("Alexander Fleming" , Wikipedia) Also , in-vitro fertilization would not be successful if not for other researchers such as John Rock , Patrick Steptoe and Robert Edwards besides Carl Wood .
("In vitro fertilization" , Wikipedia)
In conclusion , even though penicillin's discovery was accidena similar impact from the comparishave both broughto technologies that the invention is actually comparable to those developed by researches .
The developments of both technologies are similar in terms of the complexity of the processes and the impacts of the technologies are equivalent .
Many countries are faced with the problem of an aging population .
As the elder population grows larger and larger , the burden on the younger generation and the government becomes greater and greater .
Some people say that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
I think the government can implement positive policies to limit the money spent on the elderly indirectly .
Encouraging a later retirement and giving out subsidies based on the financial need are efficient ways to reduce the amount of money spent on the growing population of the aged .
The government has to limit the money given to the elderly because the expanded population of the elderly can lead to serious problems in economy , society and productivity .
Spending increase for the aged will surely reduce the country's total deposits and thus reduce the general social investment , imposing a negative impact on the sustainable , coordinated , steady and fast development of the nation's economy .
({http://bbs .chinadaily .com .cn/redirect .php ?gid=2&fid=6&tid=58116}[HYPERLINK: http://bbs .chinadaily .com .cn/redirect .php ?gid=2&fid=6&tid=58116]&goto=nextoldset) Encouraging the later retirement is a effective method to solve this problem .
First of all , it is good for employers .
As the aging population becomes larger , more people retire than  usual .
It can be predicted that more people will leave their work and fewer people can enter the work force .
If people can retire at a later time , the company can keep a balance of the work force .
Furthermore , longer work lives can certainly increase  productivity of the nation .
On one hand , the elderly can feed themselves without the pension from the government .
On the other hand , the amount of the tax will go up as the productivity increases .
Therefore , the government can give out more benefits .
This method is used by the countries which are confronted with the aging problem , for example , China , Canada .
Now it is accepted and used by more countries .
Giving out subsidies based on the financial need is another policy that government can make to reduce the pressure and burden .
Not all the elderly people need the help from the government .
For some people , they had saved enough money when they were young or they can still make their living when they are old or they are supported by their children .
They are able to ensure their quality of life for the rest of their lives .
These people do not need the pension from the government .
However , some people cannot live without the pension from the government .
Usually these people do not have a good education or they have some disabilities .
The government has the duty to take care of them .
If the government can give out the pensions according to the financial need , the amount of money spent on the elderly will not climb rapidly even if the aging population increases at an incredible speed .
Australia has already taken this policy and more countries are taking this policy into consideration .
Some people may say that the government should treat every citizen equally .
Hence , it is unreasonable to choose people to give out the subsidies .
Although every citizen has the same right , the government must ensure the living condition of its people first .
Giving everyone a pension means that some people's living standard will be affected but giving out money based on the fanatical need means everyone can live in a good condition .
The pension is not important to the people who are able to live a good life in their twilight years .
However , the subsidy is essential to the people who are not capable of feeding themselves .
Thus , the government should choose people to give out pension .
Although more and more countries are faced with the aging problem , the government can make some policies like encouraging later retirement and giving out money based on financial needs .
These policies can both limit the money spent on the elderly and ensure the living standard of its people .
Everyone will grow old one day; it is just another phase in life .
With every phase in life , comes its own set of problems .
Throughout the process of aging , people will face certain problems relating to health , finance , and socialization; and many of these problems are usually interrelated .
Just like every set of lock comes with a set of keys , every set of problems comes with their own set of solutions .
Now , with the help of technological advancements and the reforms of government policies , the aging process has certainly been made easier to a large extent .
Extensive research and development has been done in the medical field to make our lives easier .
Through research and development , new technologies are being created .
With the help of these technologies , many possibilities have emerged .
Diseases that were thought to be incurable in the past are now curable .
Many diseases can be detected earlier and thus prevented .
Also , many age-related problems can be cured , either fully or to a large extent , using these new technologies .
All these have helped to make the process of aging easier , as the aged can lead better lives with fewer health problems .
Also through research and development , many lifestyle guides that help promote healthy lifestyle become available .
It is known that by having a healthy lifestyle , one will have fewer health problems and thus will need to spend less on healthcare .
By saving more on healthcare , the financial stress on the aged will be relieved .
Therefore , through the help of research and development , the aged live better lives , and have fewer health problems .
However , as healthcare technologies improve , the costs of healthcare also increase .
As these new technologies involve the usage of newer , and more advanced equipments , the costs of using such technologies tend to be higher than in the past .
There is a small percentage of the elderly who are not financially secure .
For them , using such new technologies is either impossible , or it will create further financial problems .
Also , another side effect of improved healthcare technologies is that people tend to have a longer lifespan .
With prolonged life , the aged might face certain issues .
There are diseases which are incurable , but the life of the victim can be prolonged using these new technologies .
However , these technologies are expensive .
Prolonging the life of the victim can be financially draining on the family , and cause financial and social tension within the family .
This becomes the case where solving one problem creates another .
However , with the help of government policies , this problem can be solved .
Financial aids can be made available to these families and help relieve the financial stress .
Recently , government policies have also undergone several reforms to better cater to the aged in the society .
These reforms in policies are aimed to help the aged cope better with aging .
These policies encourage the elderly to retire later .
Also , they lower barriers to elder employment .
With these , the aged can have longer working life , and thus accumulate more wealth to support themselves through their old age .
Also , the government helps relieve financial stress by subsidizing healthcare costs , and providing financial aids to the elderly  .
These healthcare costs include hospital and caretaker fees .
Healthcare system is also restructured to cater to the aged .
An example is by building more community hospitals , nursing homes , and home care .
These will provide competent and appropriate care for the elderly patients .
Through the reforms of the government policies , the aged has been well taken care of .
In conclusion , current research and development , and policies have certainly helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
New technologies have been created to help eliminate many  age-related health problems .
Government policies and the restructuring of the healthcare system have helped the aged cope better with life .
However , not every elderly in the society can get to enjoy these perks , especially those who are bound by financial problems .
Therefore through current research and development and policies , the aging process has been made easier , but  only to a large extent .
Until recently , the problems of an aging population have become a major concern among all the nations throughout the world .
Governments of many countries have come up with policies and solutions to decrease elder dependency and slow down the process of a fast aging population .
Aging statistics taken from the United States of America administration of aging show people above the age of 65 represented 12 .4% of the population in the year 2000 but are expected to grow to be 20% of the population by 2030 .
The statistics have shown that in time to come , the problems of a fast aging population will be too overwhelming for the society to handle; therefore , we have to slow down the aging process .
A fast aging population will have serious detrimental effects in developed countries .
Caring for health of the aging population will pose a problem for the government .
The country's economy will also suffer as a small number of young working population will have to support a bigger umbrella of elder generation .
This will tax and stress heavily on the small working population .
A lot of resources will also have to be spent on the elderly people .
However , policies have helped to reduce the effects of an aging population .
I have to agree that current developments and policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Singapore has encouraged people to retire at an older age and companies to keep their employees for a longer time .
Legislative changes were made in Singapore in 1993 to put the retirement age at 60 , and then to move it up again from 60 to 62 years in 1999 .
This will help the working people to save more money and be more financially independent when they are old and have no income .
In this way , the working population will not be stressed  too much by the elderly population .
The government also has encouraged and provided incentives for companies to employ elderly workers .
This will help the elderly to be more in touch with the society and keep their physical health in good shape , which will in turn reduce diseases .
Singapore has also helped working adults to save money when they are working so that when they retire , they will still have money for living expenses .
Singapore introduced the Central Provident Fund (CPF) in 1995 as a compulsory saving scheme to help workers to benefit in their retirement .
Employees will contribute twenty percent of their salary while employers will contribute thirteen percent towards this saving scheme for workers .
The purpose of this saving scheme is to emphasize on self reliance .
To meet healthcare needs , Medisave is introduced to allow CPF members to use their CPF savings for hospitalization .
In this way , most problems of the aging population are taken care of .
Singapore has also emphasized and instilled filial piety to the children of the aging population  to support their parents through meeting their financial needs and emotional needs .
The children of the future should provide for their parents as much as they can even though their financial status looks bleak so that the aging population will not have to rely too much on government help .
Children also should arrange for their parents to live under the same roof so as not to only provide for them financially but also to show care and concern to their aging parents .
For example , children of the aging parents are able to bring their parents to consult a doctor if any minor medical conditions arise , thus preventing serious illnesses from developing .
Singapore has encouraged people to buy an HDB flat near their parents by subsidizing a substantial amount of money .
By living together , the children can also provide a listening ear to their parents and even warn them against making wrong decisions .
This will definitely reduce the fiscal cost of elder dependency .
However , some critics might disagree with this strategy .
No matter how much we encourage young people to care for their parents , it's still their personal choice; the society or the government cannot force them to do their part .
However , if the government does a good job in educating the young people and introducing policies to encourage young people to be more caring towards their aging parents , this would be a very effective strategy .
This is because what the aging population needs are their children's provisions and their care and concern .
In conclusion , I think that many developments and policies have helped to reduce the aging process and also solve the problem of a fast aging population .
Although this problem cannot be solved in a short period of time , theses policies and developments will help to curb the problems of an aging population .
Nowadays , against a changing technology background , many of the social problems that have troubled people for centuries are being eased .
Among them is the aging problem , which leads to a restructuring of the social composition .
Many pessimistic predictions were made by people about this problem .
However , with the assistance of Information and Communication technology (ICT) , the situation could be fundamentally shifted through mainly three ways .
Firstly , the development of ICT can reduce the aged people's difficulties by changing the workspace .
Instead of being forced to travel from and to the office every day , now they can simply stay at home and finish their work through the internet .
This change effectively eliminates their disadvantages in terms of mobility compared to the young people .
Coming along with the workspace shift , the job itself will also change .
Nowadays , fewer and fewer jobs require certain level of performance .
Those repetitive and tedious jobs are now performed by machine and jobs become more of managing people and resources , especially with Information Technology as the medium .
This change of job nature makes a huge difference to the aged people's constraints for physical conditions are no longer employers' top concern .
Besides  changing the workspace , ICT also brings good news to the aged by changing employment relationships .
It is well known that for the aged people , jobs are really hard to find .
9 out of 10 employers would be reluctant to hire  old people because they are afraid that they can not work as efficiently (which is always not the case) .
However , with the introduction of ICT , many more new jobs are created , a large percentage of which are self-employed jobs .
So for the elderly , a new choice is offered to them: after their retirement , instead of heading into the job market and competing with people probably half their age for a post , they can start up their own business .
There are plenty of opportunities out there on the internet .
What matters is their  , not their age .
Opponents may probably argue that ICT is a privilege that only benefits the young people .
However , the truth cannot be farther than that .
Although young people have an advantage for they have been exposed to the technology from early ages , the aged people still stand a high chance to succeed , as long as they can adapt to new features quickly .
After all , the internet is a common property of which every one can enjoy a share .
Current research and development in the field of ICT has largely shaped the society .
It makes aged people remain productive by changing the workspace , reforming the employment relationship and offering easy access to re- education .
Technologies like this promise to offer us even more new dimensions to deal with existing social problems in the years to come .
Nowadays , the life expectancy of people has increased thanks to the healthcare technology which keeps getting better .
This should be a very good thing to hear .
But , there are consequences to this .
Since people have longer life expectancy , the number of elderly people increases .
This leads to the issue of the aging population .
The aging population causes a lot of problems , since a lot of money will be used to support the elderly .
Wikipedia stated that "As of July 2007 , medical costs for a typical inmate in the USA might run an agency around US$33 per day , while costs for an ageing inmate could run upwards of US$100 .
Most State DOCs report spending more than 10 percent of the annual budget on elderly care .
That is expected to rise over the next 10-20 years" .
This money could be used for the development of other areas .
So , we have a question here .
Should public spending on the aged be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development ?
In this essay , I will tell you why public spending on the aged should not be limited .
Firstly , limiting the public spending is not efficient .
We have to calculate the limit carefully so that it will be enough for the elderly .
Even if it has been done correctly , since the public spending of each person is different , a trouble will still be there .
Consider if  an elderly person has been sick for a long time and his/her spending has already reached the limit; are we going to tell him to die because we will not provide him with anymore money ?
There are a lot of alternative methods that we can use to cope with the aging population .
Peterson (2001) in his review "A Graying World" suggests six ways to cope with the aging population .
We could use any of these six ways to cope with the aging population , without having to limit the public spending on the elderly .
It should also be noted that , limiting aging spending in healthcare will not bring much impact since "the annual growth in national health spending is not mainly due to increasing demand from ageing populations , but rather has been driven by rising incomes , costly new medical technology , a shortage of health care workers and informational asymmetries between providers and patients" (Rheinhardt , 2003) .
Secondly , the elderly have the right to be protected because they have worked for the country before .
We should not forget that the younger generations are raised by the previous generation .
So , the younger generations should repay them by providing their needs during the old age .
We , younger generations , must realize that someday we will grow old as well .
When we grow old , how would we like to be treated ?
Would we like to be treated as a burden  ?
It is really selfish if we treat the elderly badly but still want to be treated nicely when we grow old .
It may be argued that the elderly might misuse this service and fully rely on the public funding rather than trying to cope on their own .
However , we must not forget that a lot of people have no choice but to rely on the government .
"The most significant aspect of the growing percentage of elderly people in the population is the marked increase in those aged 85 and over .
Among this group is a large number of elderly people who are severely impaired physically and/or mentally" (Henwood , 1990) .
These people have no other choice but to rely on others for their funding .
Would we forget them because of the small group of people that use this service to become lazy ?
Therefore , we can conclude that we should not limit the public spending on the elderly .
There are a lot of people who could only rely on this service to survive .
We should remember their deeds and we should also remember that we will become old one day .
Limiting the public spending on the elderly is also not an efficient way to cope with an aging population .
So , the government should use a more efficient method to cope with the aging population instead of limiting the public spending on the elderly .
"The critical challenge of an aging society is not so much how to accommodate the older population , but how to ensure the productivity of future workers , regardless of age" (Friedland and Summer , 2005 , p .1) .
Major increases in public spending for pension fund and health care costs for the elderly will slow economic growth in most countries , even in developed countries .
Therefore , the government should focus more on how they can reduce this spending , so that the economy will not be damaged .
This can be done by improving workers productivity and increasing labor force participation .
In other words , the government should spend more on creating jobs and educating the population .
People with higher education are expected to get more salaries and accumulate wealth when they are still young , so that  will not be too dependent in their old age .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be diverted to other more important aspects .
Some people may argue that there will be insufficient protection for the elderly if the government shifts this fund to some other areas of the country's development .
For example , people say that old single women , whose incomes are mainly not high , are vulnerable and need special care .
It might be true to some extent , but we should also consider that the government will only limit the public spending on the elderly , butthey will not eliminate it .
This means special policies will be made for those with special needs .
The government will still take care of those who cannot take care of themselves .
Furthermore , we should also realize that today's group of older people is different from the past's .
Friedland and Summer (2005) stated that the meaning of "retirement" and "old age" nowadays is different from what it was in the past , as future groups of older people are likely to be even better off .
They are wealthier , healthier , and they have better education .
In addition to implementing special policies , the government could allocate more funds for educating young people .
Education is very important because employers tend to hire workers or employees with high education and experience in their fields .
Low education in a country may result in increases in the number of the unemployed , which eventually hamper the economic growth because people who are jobless are very dependent as they do not earn money for living .
Furthermore , the country will also lack  trained labor force .
For instance , Indonesia , the world's 4th most populous country , has 109 ,900 ,900 labor force , but the rate of the unemployed was very high (9 .10%) in 2008 (CIA , 2008) , due to low literacy rates .
The lack of education is the priority problem in Indonesia , mainly caused by the great number of people who still live in poverty .
The current situation is worrying as when this generation ages , the government will need to provide a certain care for them .
In other words , the new policy to cut off public expenditure on the aged cannot be implemented in this condition .
Hence , it is again the government's role to subsidize the education so that everybody at least can get the standard level of education .
Education alone is not enough because even if the society is better-educated  there may not be adequate jobs available and the unemployment problem still exists .
The government should create and maintain new jobs .
Therefore , they will need to create a supplementary budget for job creation .
In fact , some countries , such as Korea , have begun to implement this policy .
Korea has planned to spend 3 ,500 billion won in 2009 to help maintain and create jobs , and through this , 552 ,000 new jobs are expected to be created (Ministry of Strategic and Finance , 2009) .
This policy aims to boost the economic growth potential as there will be less tough competition to get a job .
Besides increasing the number of new jobs , the government can try to invent a new type of job , which can be done by people regardless of their age , including the elderly .
For instance , telecommuting part-time jobs , which do not require the workers to be in the workplace , are good to be implemented nowadays , by means of our advanced technology .
Clearly , there are many ways to limit and to divert the public spending for the elderly people without slowing the economic growth .
By providing good education and good jobs , our life will be guaranteed until our old age .
Governments and policy makers will take the main role to formulate the best policies to deal with the long-term economic and social challenge of global aging , so that we are fully prepared to face this  issue .
Aging is becoming a hot issue when the percentage of the elderly in the society is continuously increasing .
Certainly , when the number of aged people rises , public spending on this group will have to be raised as well to take care of this group .
However , I think there should be a limit on how much shall be spent for the elderly , because the government needs to use more money on country development .
First of all , spending money on development is the most effective way to address the aging population issue .
Actually , the problem of more population getting aged does not lie in the demographic change , but in the fact that the productivity of the nation will decline .
When the government tries to spend more and more on the aged , it will lead to a lack in money for development , then a slower economic growth , which will finally leave the government with less choice to spend for the elderly people .
In contrast , when focusing on country development , particularly economic growth , the country can earn more money .
With this extra money , the government can have more to spend for the whole society , and the money for the aged will be increased as well .
In fact , "if real economic growth averages about 2 percent per year between now and 2050" , Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer claim , "government expenditures as a proportion of the economy in 2050 might not be substantially larger than what it is today" (Demography Is Not Destiny , Revisited .
Center on Aging Society , Georgetown University , March 2005) .
Secondly , imposing a limit on public spending for the aged can make people spend money more responsibly .
For most people , if they know they will have to take care of themselves more when they are old , they will be forced to save money for the future .
They therefore will have to think more when spending money , and will try to reduce wasting extra money on unimportant things .
Moreover , nowadays , with better living condition for the whole life of a person , many old people may not be in poor health . .
Hence , extra care for additional health care may not be necessary for many elderly people .
.
Many opponents may argue that the aged are the most vulnerable group in the society and thus need more and more attention .
However , to help these people become less vulnerable , it is not so good  when they are already aged .
"Prevention is better than cure" .
Thus , focusing on social development as a whole , and improving living condition throughout the life of people is actually a better way to help people gain a better health and become less vulnerable when they are aged .
Moreover , when more money is spent for people when they are younger , it could raise a better workforce for the nation .
The productivity of the country will therefore be increased , and again , with more wealth earned , public spending in general , and on the aged , in particular , will be increased as a  result .
In conclusion , although the population of the earth in general is getting aged , which could lead to certain consequences , the government should not be panicked to address that problem in a temporary way by increasing public spending for the aged as much as possible .
Rather , the government should focus on developing the nation as a whole , especially maintaining the economic growth , because this is the long term and most effective way to solve the aging problem .
Have present studies , development and policies helped to relieve the aging process ?
This is the question many people grapple with and the core of the debate lies in the impact they bring on the aging process .
In my opinion , I agree to a large extent that current research , development and policies have helped ease the aging process .
In the course of my essay , I will first show how economics , medicine , architectural and technological inventions and social policies have helped ease the aging process while financial constraint can limit the effectiveness of easing the aging process .
Firstly , economics have helped ease the aging process .
Due to the growth in the awareness of the different financial needs over an individual's life cycle , financial institutions have designed and introduced a wide range of products to meet these needs .
For example , a person will need health insurance to protect oneself from the high cost of medical treatment .
Also , with the insurance coverage , an individual can seek adequate medical treatment to recover from any sickness .
The various products available have helped to minimize the impact of unforeseen events so that an individual can save resources to meet aging needs .
In addition , as education opportunities increase , economies around the world have transformed from labour intensive to knowledge-based .
This has extended the working life of the labour force .
With longer working life , people will be able to accumulate more wealth which they can use to support themselves in their old age .
Therefore , people will have saved enough money by the time when they are old to maintain a certain standard of living .
Secondly , architecture has also helped ease the aging process .
With the increasing prevalence of obstruction free buildings  , the mobility of the senior population is significantly increased .
For example , buildings are fitted with lifts , ramps and more railings to allow people who are physically challenged to access .
With mobility , the elder generation can have the same mobility options as they were young and continue to live their lives on their own .
The reduced dependency on others will ease the pain of aging .
Thirdly , the modern state of technology has significantly eased the process of aging .
Many tasks in life are made easy with technology .
For example , robotic vacuum cleaners have made housekeeping very much effortless .
The safety features in household appliances have enabled the elderly to take care of their own needs safely .
Overall , technology has allowed the elderly to reduce their dependency on others , and has improved the quality of their lives .
Fourthly , advancements in medicine have significantly increased the life expectancy of mankind .
Many diseases that have plagued mankind in the past are now curable or can be vaccinated .
Long term illness such as diabetes is more effectively controlled , and the treatment process has become less painful .
As one ages , they need not suffer the torment of illness as the previous generations did , and are able to spend more time on other meaningful activities .
Fifthly , various social policies have been introduced to ease the aging process .
For example , filial obligation is stressed through informal and formal channels to increase the willingness of the next generation to support their own elderly parents .
With their children supporting them , the elderly will no doubt be happier and enjoy their golden age .
Furthermore , in some countries such as Britain and Singapore , people are required to provide for their own old age dependency .
They are compelled by law to save and invest more of their income earned while they are active in the work force .
In this way , the elderly will have a sum of money available to support themselves in their golden age when they retire .
However , many of these advances discussed require financial resources to achieve .
For example , the wide range of financial and technological products comes at a cost .
For those who are not able to afford them , they will not be able to enjoy the benefits .
Social policies also require funding in order to put the plan into action .
Therefore , the ability of recent advancements to ease the aging process can be greatly limited by financial constraints .
In conclusion , economics , medicine , architecture , technological inventions and social policies have helped to ease the aging process but they require financial resources to achieve .
Therefore , the elderly and their children supporting them must have sufficient financial resources in order to take advantage of the benefits of modern day advancements to ease the aging process .
In recent years , there is an increasing number of countries faced with an ageing population .
The problems of an ageing population have led to these countries coming up with measures to counteract the problems .
One of these measures is to increase public spending so as to ensure that the aged are taken care of .
Yet , at the same time , this money could be spent on other areas of the country's development .
Therefore , some may argue that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
However , I do not support this argument as increasing public spending on the aged is a necessary step for the government to take in order to prepare the country to face an ageing population .
Firstly , improving on current facilities to better suit the aged is compulsory .
We have to prepare more healthcare teams to specialize in treating illnesses related to the old as it is commonly known that the old are more prone to illness .
Thus , by increasing the amount of healthcare workers focusing on treating elderly illnesses prevent the situation of the lack of healthcare workers for the elderly in the near future .
Also , we have to create an environment which is elderly-friendly so that the elders are able to take care of themselves without the help of others .
Being able to take care of themselves is very important as this greatly decreases their dependence on others and hence reduces their burden on their children and the elderly will not feel that they are useless by not being independent .
Therefore , this public spending on improving facilities should not be comprised for the welfare of the elderly .
Similarly , the government has to provide elderly benefits as most of the elderly are no longer in the workforce and thus have no regular income .
The elderly depend on their savings or their children to support themselves through the old age .
Some of the elderly may not have saved enough to last them till death or their children are not willing to take care of them .
They are faced with the problems of living a proper life .
A proper life refers to having home , three meals and adequate healthcare .
Therefore , it is important for the government to step in to provide help for these poor elderly so that they could have a proper life .
If not , these elderly may die because of hunger or the lack of proper healthcare due to poverty .
However , an argument against this is that most people feel that old age is not the responsibility of the government and the government is not obliged to take care of the elderly .
The elderly ought to be independent .
Nevertheless , if the government leaves the elderly who are fighting old age alone without care , it would be too cruel of the government .
In other words , the government should not leave those elderly in lurch to struggle on their own for survival .
In addition , the elderly may encounter biasness against them .
This is a social problem where the government has to step in to solve it .
Ageism may be present in the working or social life of an elderly .
These unfair treatments that the elderly face may  pose a psychological problem to them .
For example , the  aged may face discrimination when looking for jobs as compared to the young and also , the old age may receive less all-rounded treatment in the healthcare sector based on the stereotype that they are in the natural process of aging and that they are less likely to recover .
The government then has to interfere to educate the public to be less prejudiced against the  aged .
This will take up part of the public spending which should not be limited .
On the other hand , public spending on the aged should be limited so that money could be diverted to other areas of the country's development such as the economic sector .
If the economy improves , people would earn more money and thus the burden on the children taking care of their old-aged parents would be relatively less as they could better afford the costs of taking care of the elderly people .
On the contrary , this is only applicable to filial children who are willing to take care of their parents .
Those elderly who are unfortunate or those who have no children may face problems as they would have no one to take care of them and would be worse off without any help from the government .
As a result , public spending on the aged should not be limited as it is needed to help these elderly .
To sum up , the government has to assume responsibilities in taking care of the elderly and to ensure that the country is adequately prepared to accept an ageing population; thus , spending on the aged should not be limited and money should not be diverted into other areas of the country's development .
Statistics from the World Health Organization (WHO , 2006 , What are the public health implications of global ageing ?)
stated that:
From 2000 until 2050 , the world's population aged 60 and over will more than triple from 600 million to 2 billion .
Most of this increase is occurring in developing countries - where the number of older people will rise from 400 million in 2000 to 1 .7 billion by 2050 .
The baby-boom generation has created a need to improve and provide care and services to the aging population .
I agree to a large extent that current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Technology plays a significant role in providing aid for and improving the lives of the elderly .
Current technologies have provided aids and support to the elderly in the fields of personal health technologies by reducing the cost and time of medical appointments and increasing the effectiveness of health record tracking .
It is also important that ageing related problems are highlighted so that corresponding policies can be implemented , for example the introduction of the pension system and  late retirement to reduce elder dependency .
Firstly , the goal of personal health technologies will be to change from a centralized model where the elderly would go to the hospital where healthcare is provided , to a distributed model wherebyhealthcare services are delivered to  where the elderly live .
Information technology applications have enabled the elderly to initiate communication , keep track of their personal health record and also make follow-up appointments which can be conducted through Telemedicine .
Telemedicine was introduced to provide care for the patient from any location with the help of transferring electronic information through various technology applications and equipments such as the web camera .
This technology delivers care directly to the homes of the elderly at an affordable rate and provide right information at the right time which benefits decision making of the medical officers involved .
It allows the elderly to be more active in taking care of themselves at the comfort of their own home .
It may be argued that telemedicine might not be as effective as contact monitoring and hands on attention .
Nevertheless , such applications have helped to reduce the time spent in hospitals and medical costs , improve record tracking practices and speed of communication .
Next , national  policies such as pension systems are arranged to provide the retired elders income .
The fund may be set up by a corporation , the government , or any other organization to pay the  retired workers .
In the context of Singapore , the Central Provident Fund (CPF) is set up to provide Singaporeans with a retirement plan .
The benefits of the CPF scheme are classified into , retirement , healthcare , home ownership , family protection and asset enhancement .
Critics of this position point out that the cost of providing pensions leads to the increased taxes on the workforce .
However with the help of the pension system , it has provided the elderly with a retirement fund , thus reducing the elder dependency on the children of the elderly .
Last but not least , in light of the challenges of ageing population , many countries have changed their policies with respect to early retirement .
By encouraging later retirement it will help to reduce elder dependency .
Opponents of this position argue that there would be an increase in the wage base with a lower retirement age , because people will save less as they need less wealth and lower savings .
However working longer also means providing sufficient savings for old age; it will also help increase the economic growth and instill a sense of belonging and self value to the elderly .
Moreover , lifelong learning empowers the elderly to lead a better lifestyle through social interaction and contribution to the community .
In conclusion , technology and  national development and policies have helped ease the aging process .
Technology applications such as Telemedicine which aids the tracking and handling of medical reports and appointments  encourage the elderly to keep track of their personal health through a cost and time effective system .
In addition , pension schemes and later retirement help to reduce elder dependency through providing a retirement plan and increasing the economic growth .
World Health Organsation .(2006) .
What are the public health implications of global ageing ?
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from http://www .who .int/features/qa/42/en/index .html
Firstly , with a higher budget to spend in other areas such as education and defense , a country may develop even more rapidly .
With little economic growth , a society may be faced with fewer options on how to take care of people who are least able to take care of themselves .
However , with sufficient economic growth , this would not be the case as there would be more options and fewer persons in need of the help .
With more educated youths , the size of the economy and the tax base would be bigger and the cost burden of an aging population may be spread over a larger and more productive future generation .
Such is the case in Scandinavian countries where generous public funding for prenatal incentives and investments in children , for example in education , has helped curb the problem of an aging and declining population .
Furthermore , in a more educated society , more people are equipped with the knowledge to better take care of themselves and hence help lessen the amount of healthcare spending .
Secondly , by setting boundaries on public spending , people will be less reliant on  government to take care of their every need such as in healthcare .
Elderly dependency can be reduced when they are forced or encouraged to plan and provide in advance for their own old-age livelihood .
When enforced by law or encouraged to save and invest more of their income while still in the work force , people will then save a sufficient amount of money to take care of their health  when necessary rather than depend on the government spending to support their health in their old age .
Dependence on the government can also be reduced by encouraging later retirement ages , longer working lives and lower requirements to elder employment  , which can be achieved alone with an increase on the eligibility of age for pensions and government incentives for the elderly .
Also , when people work longer , they will be able to accumulate more money to be used to support themselves in their old age .
In Singapore , the government has tried using schemes such as CPF (Central Provident Fund) , Medisaveand Medishield and even scrapped  the pension scheme in order to encourage more Singaporeans to take greater responsibility for their own health  .
Lastly ,  limited public spending on healthcare will encourage more working adults to take better care of their elderly parents .
With the elderly to look after  , there will be more stress on filial obligations thereby increasing the willingness of adults in the future to take care of their elderly parents by all means .
In an increasingly  society , working adults often have no time , attention , care and even finance to take care of their elderly parents and thus eventually abandon them in homes .
However ,  depending on the support and care from  the family may be a better and cheaper alternative to take care of the elderly  than depending on the nursing home's nurse to take care of one's parents .
However , detractors may disagree with the stand that  public spending on healthcare should be limited and the money should be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Limiting public spending on healthcare may not solve the social issues that have surfaced due to the problem of population aging .
It merely leaves the individual and his/her family more responsible for their healthcare issues .
Some of these costs may eventually end up going back into the public sector through other means .
The society may face  a wide range of social issues on education , housing and many more which may not be solved by setting limits on healthcare expenditure on the government's part as this may instead create even more problems .
Yet , in the first place , spending on healthcare may not be a good way to solve societal issues such as the lack of filial piety amongst the youths and over dependence on the government to solve every problem one might face  .
In a nut shell , government spending on the aged in  healthcare should be capped at a certain limit to take care of people who may really be in need while the rest of the budget should be shifted to other areas of the country's growth .
With a limit on healthcare expenditure in the government's budget , there may be a better investment in the area where the government's budget goes to , people would be more self reliant and lastly it will instill a stronger sense of filial obligation in the youths .
"Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development ."
Clearly , this suggestion considers the interest of the country but not the aged .
Although the country's development is essential , it cannot neglect the frailer aging group of the population .
Regardless of the problems an aged population may bring along , it cannot diminish the fact that the elderly is still part of a country's assets .
If the government decides to cut its expenditure on the aging population , the elderly will be struggling for their survival as many welfare benefits will be limited .
Instead , the government should continue to promote welfare programs that aid the elderly in terms of housing and healthcare .
Indeed , there are many problems associated with an aging population .
For example , the elderly people are in need of social and healthcare attention because of their feeble physical condition .
This increases burdens on the younger workforce as they have to bear the cost of healthcare services required by the elderly .
Other than that , an aging population will hinder the economic growth due to its lower productivity .
However , it is a fact that citizens are part of a country's assets regardless of their age .
We cannot abandon them just because they bring along several problems .
It is the responsibility of the younger population and the government to support the aged .
This is because the older generation contributed to the workforce during their younger days .
It is their hard labour that has paved the road for us today .
As a result , the younger people and the government should reciprocate the hard work by helping the elderly .
Even if the elderly is able to support themselves , the government should continue to assist through other policies .
However , priority should be given to the needy elderly , especially for older people with a lower education background and less savings .
One of the welfare packages that the government can provide is "housing" .
A handful of old people have been left stranded on the streets without shelter .
Some have been abandoned by their families while others cannot afford a house because of their financial difficulties .
These people definitely require attention from the government .
Therefore , the government should not limit public spending on the aged population .
Instead , they should invest on introducing new policies that can help these homeless elderly .
Another welfare package the government can offer is "healthcare" .
Health is the most common problem faced by the elderly .
As they age , their body constitution becomes weaker .
As a result , they are more vulnerable to sickness and disease .
They have to make occasional visits to the doctor for diagnosis and remedy .
The cost is high , especially nowadays when new technologies and treatments are expensive .
This is where the government can provide financial aid for the healthcare services required by the aged .
The government can subsidize part of the healthcare expenses incurred by the elderly .
This will lighten the burden of the aged population as well as the younger workforce .
Therefore , public spending for the aged should not be reduced for the country's development .
Instead , the government should increase their spending on the aged so that they can reach out to more needy senior citizens .
Certainly , if the government diverts its spending to other areas of the country's development , the country would enjoy greater economic growth .
Because of that , the government would be able to collect more taxes , which can be used to aid the aging population .
On the other hand , with little economic growth , the government has no choice but to cut down on benefit programs for the aged .
However , it takes time to realize a noticeable increase in economic growth .
It may be many decades from now .
By that time , an unfortunate group of the aged will have been deprived of welfare programs previously planned for them .
These people will suffer as the country works toward other areas of its development .
This is because the country has to limit its spending on the aged while expanding other areas of development .
This is where the government has to make a tough choice between the aged and the country's advancement .
Clearly , the consequences of cutting expenditure on the aged outweigh the alternative in many aspects .
A sizeable segment of the aged would suffer through the process of achieving  economic growth .
Consequently , they would be struggling for survival with the limited welfare policies available to them .
In other words , if welfare programs for the aged are reduced due to limited spending , many problems would arise .
Subsequently , the government would have to spend more resources to solve the problems that arise .
Therefore , it is better to give equal if not more spending to the aged , while keeping existing welfare benefits in place .
Current psychology researchers claim that there are several pillars to being a healthy individual .
Therefore , to have pillars such as having sufficient social support and having an active engagement in life helps the elderly to cope with the inevitable stress of elderly life .
Current technological developments have been developed to help the elderly ease the process of aging .
For example , the latest developments of assistive technology can make important contributions to the care of elderly people in elderly institutions and at home .
Care at home is often the preferred choice of the elderly and is generally more affordable for care providers than putting them into an institution for the elderly .
The elderly need some form of monitoring technology to help improve their safety when no one is able to be around to look after them all the time .
Remote health monitoring solutions such as to keep tabs on their blood pressure , body temperature and their heart-rate can raise alerts for medical attention quickly .
Inventions such as fall detectors , pressure mats and bed alerts can improve the elderly home owners' safety and their personal abilities to cope better at home alone .
Technologies have also been designed to help the elderly maintain their own independence .
One invented device uses optical sensors to monitor how these elderly pick things up and how they use them .
It can tell if a person does something wrong such as mistake a bottle of vinegar for drinking water; or if they are doing certain things in the wrong order .
This technological invention can also be extended to monitor how the elderly interact with other devices such as a television , a DVD player or a washing machine .
A screen called the "technology coach" will then reveal the problem and show them the correct way of interacting with these devices .
Another invention uses Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology to track which medications are taken and when .
This can prevent the elderly from taking the wrong medication or overdosing themselves and thus jeopardizing their own lives .
In addition , adding a motion sensor system to provide a daily update of the elderly can help bring peace of mind to distant relatives who are concerned about the safety of their elderly family members who might be injured or ill and , worse of all , unable to call for help .
We have seen how technologies are able to replace human supervision and to monitor the condition of an elderly person round the clock , which is less possible with human care providers .
One may argue that these technologies could potentially isolate the elderly further from their families and keep them indoors even more .
This is no longer true because advanced technologies have managed to put a face to high tech devices .
A technology called the Digital Family Portrait enables the elderly and their relatives to hang up a special digital frame on their walls to receive updates of what's going on in  .
This technology can also be used to receive video phone calls from neighbors within the neighbourhood an elderly person lives in .
Furthermore , the elderly who have difficulties getting out of their homes can tap on various video technologies to draw themselves closer to their neighbors and faraway relatives through activities such as playing chess with them or engaging in a simple conversation .
We can see how technology was never meant to isolate people .
Instead , it is meant to be a life enabler to increase the quality of life , like helping the elderly stay indoors safely and providing maximum possible social interaction and social support from their neighbors and relatives .
Therefore , current research on technology targeted towards the elderly  not only helps ease the aging process , but it also increases the quality of life significantly for these elderly folks .
"Today , slightly less than 1 in 10 of our residents are 65 years of age or older .
This proportion of the elderly in our population is expected to rise significantly , doubling to 1 in 5 by 2030" (speech by Mr Mah Bow Tan , 2006) .
As Singapore's population ages , there are many questions  on how to help the elderly cope with the aging process .
with the government's emphasis on tackling the rising problems of an ageing population , current research and development have helped to ease the aging process through introducing policies , upgrading  facilities and providing quality healthcare services .
These improvements can be seen in various contexts and we will be looking at the benefits they have provided to the elderly .
822 words
Firstly , we will be looking at the social policies that the government has introduced in order to encouraged people to save for their old-age dependency .
They introduced laws and encourage people to save and invest more of their income earned while they are active in the work force .
The government created public awareness of early planning and proper saving strategies which are necessary to ensure that we have enough money to last us through our old-age after retirement .
Early planning means that we have to start saving once we step into the workforce .
This ensures that by the time we retire , there will be sufficient savings left to spend for our old age .
The government has also set up a mandatory saving scheme for all working Singaporeans .
It is called the Central Provident Fund (CPF) .
However ,  some people , especially the younger ones ,  disagree with such a scheme .
They believe that they should have control over their earned income instead of being 'forced' to contribute a portion of their income to such a scheme .
They feel that the responsibility of saving should not be controlled by the government but by themselves .
In my opinion , younger people tend to spend what they earn and neglect planning for the future .
They are not aware of the problems they may face after retirement .
Thus , with the public awareness of saving for old age and the CPF , one will have sufficient savings for their old-age dependency .
Secondly , as we grow older , we tend to experience more health problems such as walking difficulties and deteriorating physical strength .
Therefore ,  the development of an elderly-friendly environment helps to ease the aging process .
An elderly person is not afraid to walk around the housing estates or travel in public transport as these facilities have become more accessible to them .
One of the infrastructural developments that we can see is the building of lifts to serve all levels of new and existing HDB flats .
This eliminates the need for an elderly person to climb the stairs in order to get to the level that the lift does not stop at .
Another development is the building of more slopes instead of steps .
The elderly will have an easier time walking up and slopes than stairs to get to their destination .
These are some of the benefits that can be seen around our housing estates .
Public transportation such as the MRT and buses have implemented a similar concept  in the building of their facilities .
MRT stations have built lifts to allow the elderly to travel up to and down from the platform with ease .
Public buses have steps-free entrances and exits for easier mobility of the elderly .
However , some people question if the spending on all these upgrades to increase accessibility for the elderly is necessary .
They feel that the money spent should be used on strengthening the economy instead .
But if we do not maintain a good infrastructure that caters to the elderly , no matter how good the economy is , the elderly will not be able to enjoy accessible and user-friendly facilities that make their life more convenient . .
Lastly , better healthcare services that are readily available to the elderly ensure that they are well taken care of .
One may be afraid of growing old as more health problems will arise and it may be difficult getting the necessary healthcare .
However , now we will be able to get the proper care and rehabilitation due to improvements to healthcare facilities such as public hospitals , nursing homes and polyclinics .
We have a team of well-trained doctors and nurses who are committed to taking care of the elderly who need special attention .
We also have groups of medical specialists who are always finding ways to improve the healthcare of the elderly through better medication and rehabilitation .
As a result , more day rehabilitation centres and nursing homes have been built to handle the demands for increasing healthcare .
In my opinion , the elderly do not need to worry about getting good healthcare services as it is easily found anywhere in Singapore .
In conclusion , we can see that research and development has brought about improvements that have played a part in easing the aging process .
government policies are involved to ensure that proper saving for the future is in place , the upgrading of public facilities have helped create an elderly-friendly environment and  better healthcare services have been made available .
I concur with the writer's view of reducing elder dependency by encouraging later retirement , longer working lives , and lower barriers to elder employment .
Firstly , encouraging later retirement for the elderly can drastically change individuals' attitude towards work .
This in turn will provide a positive mentality to better prepare them for their old age .
For example , when the government announces measures to encourage later retirements , the citizens would be prepared for what is to come and  be more ready to accept it , thus reducing elder dependency in the long term .
Secondly ,  extending individuals' workinglife will often result in the accumulation of more wealth which can be used to support them in their old age .
This acts as a safety net to dramatically reduce the need for elder dependency .
For example , an elderly person who has worked for 50 years compared to one that has worked for 40 years should have considerably more savings .
Lastly , lowering barriers to elder employment can also reduce the need for elder dependency .
With the ability to work and also a sustainable income , the elderly will find themselves less dependent on others .
Moreover , their gained experience can prove valuable to the economy .
For example , with increased measures bythe government fto put the elderly into the workforce , the elderly will be able to depend on themselves .
All in all , the strategy on reducing elder dependency through the 3 methods can prove to be valuable for an aging society .
"Old age is like a plane flying through a storm .
Once you are on board , there is nothing you can do" , said Golda Meir .
Indeed , perhaps everyone is afraid of aging because it not only marks deterioration in physical health and significant psychological changes , but also places more financial burdens on the government and the society , because obviously , the elderly need fiscal support , better health care and facilities specialized for their age-related problems .
Therefore , it is suggested that "public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development" .
From my point of view , this recommendation is completely reasonable and convincing for several reasons .
First of all , investment should be focused more on education as it takes a higher priority than other fields of development because education plays a very important role in the society , determining the wealth and success of the entire nation .
More specifically , a good education system will produce a more talented and creative generation who can replace the current old generation and continue to devote their best to develop the country' economy in the future .
One example of necessary financial support is the investment on developing and upgrading the current facilities used in education , including information technology equipment , laboratories and library systems .
This is particularly important to the education in developing and less developed countries , like Vietnam , China , the Philippines and Malaysia , where teaching and learning still utilise traditional methods with little IT support and the use of old textbooks , as well as using laboratories with obsolete devices .
With improvements in educational facilities , students will be able to accessup-to-date knowledge more easily , as well as experiment with and apply what they have learned in reality .
Another way to carry out this strategy is that the budget can be used to promote and export the country's education .
This is exactly what the Singapore government is doing to attract excellent students from other nations .
By providing tuition grants (of 80%) and financial aid for living costs of foreign students along with a career bond , Singapore will have a greater workforce serving them for at least 3 years after graduation .
Another area that the government needs to be concerned about is the environment as hundreds of environmental projects (such as reducing the level of green house gases and noxious fumes in the atmosphere or promoting the use of non-plastic carrying bags) are waiting for capital and fiscal support .
In such small nations (in terms of geographical area) like Singapore , this issue is particularly important because every climatic change or pollution problem is likely to negatively affect the whole country , especially the physical health of the people , including the aged .
Therefore , solving this problem means the elderly will be taken care of by the government , even though it is an indirect way .
Moreover , the environment is a global concern; it influences everybody in the world .
Thus , protecting it means we are protecting not only the young but also the elderly; not only the current generation , but also the future ones .
Therefore , there should be more policies on supporting environmental protection projects as well as monitoring and penalizing violation of environment laws .
Besides the concerns surrounding environmental protection and education , public spending on the aged should be partly transferred to public infrastructure development projects such as public transportation , schoolsand hospitals because such developments are directly related to the improvement in the living standards of senior citizens .
Firstly , a modern infrastructure will bring about s , effectiveness and efficiency .
One example of this is the extension of access to most public places and even on public transport vehicles for people with physical disabilities , through designing paths or elevators specialized for wheel chairs , or placing special directional signs for the elderly with sight or hearing problems .
Secondly , due to its higher efficiency , such facilities will help reduce operational costs and subsequently decrease the cost of living for citizens .
For instance , a well organized public transportation system will help minimize the use of private vehicles , which is costly , and reduce traffic congestion and accidents .
And therefore , to some extent , the elderly will indirectly benefit from this policy .
In conclusion , people may be upset with the idea of limiting public spending on the elderly because they may think that the aged increasingly lack  care from the society .
However ,  considering the positive impacts it brings about to the entire society , obviously the advantages will outweigh the disadvantages .
Hence , this idea should be carried out soon for the sake of everybody and the government needs to promote and analyze the pros of this policy in order to avoid misunderstandings  .
"Old age is still young , its potential is not fully realised , and institutions , norms and resources advantageous for old age still need to be developed ."
-Baltes and Mayer , 1999
Population ageing is an international phenomenon .
Singapore is no different .
According to SingStats , 8 .5% of Singapore's population is above the age of 65 .
This figure was 7 .2% in the year 2000 .
As the population continues to age , government spending on the aged will probably increase as more and more people would rely on the government for their needs .
Many arguments have been raised on whether the government should limit this spending as the money could be used for other areas of the country's development .
I do not agree with this .
The government should not limit the spending on the aged .
In fact , they should make sure the needs of the aged are attended to .
In the past , the literacy rate of the people was low .
Many elders of the current generation have little to no education so in their economically active years , they weren't able to save a lot .
Moreover , most of the money they earned was spent on their children to make sure that they received proper education .
This act of placing the younger generation's interest before theirs and making sure that they got proper education increased the literacy rate of the country and contributed to the country's development .
In other words , the old have contributed a lot to shaping our country into what she is today .
Therefore , now that the country has prospered , the government should look after the people who helped made it possible .
some may argue that since the elderly spent their money on their children , it's now the responsibility of the children to look after their needs , and not the government's .
However , if that were to happen ,  would increase and the younger generation may find it harder to start a family .
Throughout the years , Singapore has concentrated on the country's development .
According to the Singapore Ministry of Finance , in FY2009 , 41 .5% of government expenditure would be placed on the economic and social development of the country .
Looking at the numbers , we can tell that sufficient funds have already been allocated for the country's development so no additional funds are required .
Even if there is a need for additional funds for economic and social development , instead of limiting or cutting expenditure on the aged , the government should look at other areas to cut .
For example , expenditure on security and defence is 34 .3% of government expenditure in FY2009 .
This is certainly too much an amount to be spent on security and defence .
A reason for the stand that the government should limit spending on the aged is that the aged is not of much use to the society so the government should not concentrate so much on them .
However , Singapore's policy of re- employing the old has proven that to be not true .
Most of the aged have proved that they can continue to work and contribute to the society in one way or another and thus their welfare should be looked at as well .
In conclusion , spending on the aged should not be limited or diverted as , for a developed country like Singapore , many successes have been brought about by them and they have helped shaped the country into what it is today .
If there was ever a need for more funds to be injected into the development of the country , other areas and not the spending on the aged should be looked at .
I agree that the implemented policies have eased the aging process .
After Singapore gained independence in 1965 , Singapore saw a boom in the population .
To control the population , the government introduce the 'stop at two' policy that was so successfulthat it resulted in a decline of the overall population even till today .
The drop of population has given rise to an an aging population .
To tackle the issue of aging population , the government has implemented some measures that are helping the elderly to age comfortably .
Some of the measures are the Medisave scheme , Lift Improvement and Facilities Enhancement for the elderly (LIFE) and the Eldershield scheme .
Firstly , Medisave was introduced in 1984 to help Singaporeans to set aside an amount of money from their incomes for future medical expenses .
The Medisave scheme covers a range of health expenses which includes surgical operations ,psychiatric treatment and many more .
Such measures of saving for the rainy days will help Singaporeans to cover part of their medical expenses as they retire into old age .
Although this scheme does not provide 100% coverage on their medical bills , patients will have a smaller burden when the majority of the medical bills are heavily subsidised by the government and supported by Medisave .
Secondly , LIFE was implemented in 1993 to provide better accessibility for the elderly in 1 room Housing & Development Board (HDB) flats .
The services include upgrading of lifts to access every floor , installation of support handbars in washrooms and setting up a Senior Activity Centre in the neighbourhood .
According to General Housing Survey 2005 , there are around 22 ,000 elderly people living alone .
More attention should be given to this group of elderly as they have no one to turn to if they require help in their home .
By installing handbars and improving the accessibility of lifts , the elderly are now able to move around safely and in greater comfort .
The Senior Activity Centre also provides a place for the lonely old individuals to mingle around and to participate in recreational activities .
The upgrading process might cause inconveniences to the residents but this is a trade off that they have to bear with for a better tomorrow .
Thirdly , the Eldershield scheme was introduced in 2007 .
The scheme automatically covers Singaporeans that are aged 40 and above with an insurance plan .
The payout is $400 per month and up to a period of 6 years if one is to become severely disabled .
According to the Census of Population 2000 , about 3% of the elderly are non-ambulant .
The scheme will reduce their financial burden that arises from medical bills .
However , one will have to pay a minimum of $176 .96 annual premium in order to enjoy the benefits of the scheme .
To make the plan affordable , the government provides premium subsidies and constantly reviews the plan .
In conclusion , the elderly are now more protected and are aging more comfortably with the implementation of the policies .
There are two sides to a coin; although the measures do not solve the problem entirely and may cause inconvenience in some cases , the benefits will eventually outweigh the cons .
The government will have to constantly review and improve the measures to be prepared for the aging population .
There have been many controversial debates on whether the government should limit public spending on the elderly  so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
While the latter is important and inevitable , our government is being challenged to cope with the need to increase allocation of public funds for the elderly with a graying population .
Rising living expenses and healthcare costs is also another factor which highlights the importance of limiting public spending on the elderly .
If a limit is not in place , the government might soon face difficulties in funding other key sectors of the country's development such as education and defense .
Smaller side effects include the over reliance on the government to support the aged .
This will turn the regime of supporting the elderly into a nightmare and burden to the society .
Firstly , with a graying population , the government is expected to spend more public funds each year on areas like healthcare for the elderlyand elderly friendly public facilities such as slopes in housing estates .
This section of public expenditure soaks up a large portion of the government's annual allocated budget each year .
In Singapore's 2009 budget allocation , a total of $66 million (up from a total of $55 .6 million in the year 2008) was allocated from the pool of $18 .1 billion allocated for social development .
This spending allocation only covers enhancements for the elderly in the society and excludes healthcare benefits coverage .
This expenditure is expected to rise further with the increase of life expectancy and the increase in the proportion of the elderly (from 8 .6% in 2008 to 18 .7% in  2030) .
To quote a statistic from Singapore's 2008 budget day report , in 2007 , 21% of the Government Healthcare Expenditure (GHE) , or 0 .2% of the country's GDP was dedicated to elderly care .
This proportion of spending is expected to double in the next three decades .
Secondly , the rise of living expenses and healthcare costs continuously is another reason why should government limit public spending for this sector .
With this , more public funds will have to be allocated to fund this sector .
This scenario would only be ideal should our economy achieve constant growth in economy in the upcoming years and the spending on other sectors remain unchanged .
However , it is increasingly difficult to forecast such growth with the current volatile and gloomy economy worldwide .
With this situation , other key sectors such as education and defense might be implicated when the targeted Gross Domestic Product (GDP) to sustain the increased expense on the aged is not met , should a spending limit on the aged not be imposed .
This might in turn lead to a series of negative chain effects such as making education less affordable .
Thirdly , the constant aid from the government might lead to unsightly social problem .
Unfilial children might abuse the system by pushing their responsibilities of supporting their parents to the government .
Also , young adults might not also see the importance of savings during their financially active years since the government will do their part in providing subsidy for the needy .
Many people might however , disagree that government should limit the public spending on aged .
This view is valid as well .
If the government is to limit public spending on this sector and instead channel it to other sectors , this might deprive the needy elderly from obtaining assistance and might lead to adverse effects .
Some of the adverse effects includes , elderly people especially those who are childless , spouseless and elderly people who does not have huge amount of savings to face difficulties to fund their own healthcare or living expenses .
This might in turn result in a social problem where an elderly might be utilized by crime syndicates to commit crimes to fund those expenses .
To deal with these challenges , the government has limited options , and one of which is to limit the spending on this sector to reduce the burden on the society .
One such way is to look into a tiered system when providing healthcare subsidies for the elderly .
Alternatively , government can also look at ways to further enhance the current Central Provident Fund (CPF) , MediSave and MediSheild schemes to enforce compulsory savings during one's financial active years to prepare them for old age .
Filial piety should also be enforced .
There should be a limit to how much the government should spent on the elderly group .
The issue if not dealt with properly , might place government into a challenging position , lack of funds on important sectors such as education and defence and also causing the citizens to be over reliant on the society .
These will all turn the regime into a nightmare .
I strongly agree that public spending on the aged should be limited .
The economic growth of a country relies on many areas such as education , the welfare of the public , defense  , transportation , and many more .
All these aspects work together to make a great impact on the country and make the country grow .
Therefore , the government should not direct their money specifically into certain areas  while neglecting the rest .
Education is one of the very important a country should develop .
The government should invest a substantial amount of effort in this area .
The school is a place where every single young person receives education .
The government should also focus on developing this area to make the learning process more interactive and exciting .
Education and knowledge are important tools that help them to survive int  the working world .
Lack of education leads to lack of knowledge .
If a country does not develop well in the area of education , the economy of the country will definitely not grow well .
Besides that , even though the world is advancing rapidly and there are a lot of jobs out there , there are a lot of fresh graduates who are still unemployed .
This is because most graduates do not meet prerequisites required by the industy .
Thus , the government should also focus on and put in more effort to help these people .
The government should create more job opportunities for them .
For example , the government can run some job training programs to help the graduates exploit their talent and better equip them for the industry .
Investing in the young is more worthwhile than in the aged because they are well-educated and have the potential to make more contributions to the country .
Over  time , the population of the elderly is gradually growing .
If expenditure on the aged is not controlled , the government would be putting more and more money into something which would not really have any impact on the country's economic growth .
The government can limit the expenditure because the burden of healthcare can be borne by the family members of the aged through schemes like MediSave .
However , today , the cost of living is high .
Working adults have to pay for high living expenses such as their children's  tuition and enrichment classes .
To those with low incomes , these are already a burden for them .
Most elderly have a lot of health problems and they also need medical care , the majority of which involves high cost .
Therefore , cutting down on welfare programs will burden the working adult with greater financial problems .
They will then have to  work even harder to earn a living .
For example , they might  take up 2 or more jobs working day and night .
As a result , they end up with poor health  and reduced productivity in their work .
In conclusion , limiting  public spending on the aged does not mean ceasing  expenditure on them .
Instead , it achieves a balance  where the government can set a limit and provide adequate funding for them while focusing on other more important aspects like education  .
Public spending refers to money expended by a government to pay for areas such as defense , development projects , education , health , infrastructure , and law & order maintenance ,  and such spending is supported by taxation .
With an increasing number of elderly in  society , it is rather strenuous for the non-elderly to contribute to the tax base .
And it is in no doubt that the aged require additional spending on public pensions and health care .
However , this does not mean that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Certain children who are capable of providing for their elderly parents refuse to do so because they do not want to waste money and assume that it is the government's responsibility to provide for the elderly .
However , it should be made clear to them that public spending on the aged should not be misused .
In order to prevent public spending from being misused , government should provide aid to the aged after assessing their living condition and how much their children can provide for them .
For example , an elderly who lives all alone by himself , without any children , will receive more help from the government if he is unable to provide for himself .
Whereas , an elderly who has children whose income is relatively stable , will receive less help .
After all , it is the children's responsibility to provide for their parents before the government steps in to help .
In this way , public spending will not be misusedand children are forced to be filial and therefore , the government does not have to set a limitation on public spending since the amount spent on the aged will be less .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should not be limited because they deserve to receive help from the government when they need it as they once helped to contribute to the country's development .
In order for those elderly  to live reasonably well , but not to the extent of "luxuriously well" , government should assess the living condition of these elderly and provide them with the necessary aid they need .
In recent years , public spending on the aged has gradually increased , sparking countless discussions about whether public spending on the aged should be limited , so that the money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Personally , I agree with such a view .
In countries where the population is not aging , public spending on the aged should be decreased and the funds should be channelled into other more important policies and schemes .
This would benefit the country , both economically and socially .
Also , in every society where   exist , there will be a group of people who tend to "abuse" the system .
In reality , there are a number of those who try to leech off as much government funding as they can , despite their ability to support themselves .
After the aged retire , there are a large group of them who actually are still fit to workand  are able to do minor jobs to support themselves .
However , this is rarely brought up due to the fact that most of them do not wish to continue working into old age; they believe that they deserve to rest .
Although I believe that people who retire definitely deserve their  freedom , I completely disagree that most of them should be doing it at the expense of the government .
If their children are unable to support them through their old age for whatever reason , they should try to find minor jobs to support themselves , especially if they are still physically fit .
Therefore ,  spending on the aged should be minimized , and  funds that are allocated to it should be given out more wisely and strictly .
Some people disagree that  public spending on aged should be cut down , arguing that the cost of supporting an old person may be too much of a burden for  young adults nowadays .
The children of these aged folk do not earn enough to support their parents .
However , I feel that if there are increased funds in the other areas of  development , the burden would actually be lesser than it already is .
If  public spending on the aged is decreased or minimized and the funds are diverted to other channels to boost  economic growth , the country would be a richer society .
There would be a rise in wealth and the working population would actually have more monetary assets to support the aged .
Also ,  funds could be diverted into other sources which would result in an improvementin a country's cleanliness .
This can be accomplished through  increased technology , or investment into machinery that cleans up  polluted air .
The cost of supporting an old person is  no doubt largely due to  increased medical costs that come with old age .
However , if the country is able to find a way to improve cleanliness  , this will no doubt lead to a healthier population , which in turn means lower medical costs .
Therefore , it is a wiser choice to lower  public spending on the elderly because the net benefit from such an action would be much greater than if we were to leave the spending untouched .
However , such a policy would only work in countries that do not face an ageing population .
Countries that face the problem  are unable to carry out such a plan .
This is due to the fact that it is almost impossible for the younger generation to support the aged , considering  number of aged in society greatly outweighs the generation that supports  them .
Therefore , it would be wiser for the governments of such countries to craft other policies that would suit their own needs .
In conclusion , in countries where the population is not aging , public spending on the aged should be diverted to other more important sectors , such as research and development sectors .
This would in turn benefit the countries more than if they were to leave the policies untouched .
This essay argues to a large extent that current research and developmentpolicies have helped to ease the aging process because of the innovative  that Singapore's government and other organizations have provided  .
These solutions are mostly  in the area of medicine , technology and society  which  are essential in slowing the  and eradicating this problem in the future .
First , many people commonly associate health issues with the elderly .
For instance , in United Kingdom , a research done by Deloitte and summarized by Dr Michael Harris (Nesta , April 2009) showed that more than a quarter of fifty- to sixty-year-old elderly people have been  diagnosed with medical conditions and the numbers are expected to increase in the future .
One of the many medical solutions that helps to slow down aging and is available in the market is called the "Human Growth Hormone" drug (Somatropin , 2006) .
This prescription provides alternatives to improve old age health issues such as memory loss and weaker bones .
However , not many individuals are willing to adopt this medical option as they would want to age naturally and are afraid that this treatment will cause side effects as it is not commonly used .
It is possible for people to have this view because this medicine is not widely used in the market as further research is still ongoing to further improve its effectiveness .
Second , technology is advancing rapidly and users are expected to constantly upgrade themselves to keep up with the pace .
But the elderly may face problems in the process of keeping up .
Most of them will have trouble adjusting to new technology if they are already comfortable with the level of technological background that they are equipped in .
Moreover ,  health conditions such as deteriorating eye sight or poorer hearing can be a problem as well .
However , Microsoft has come up with technological innovation that helps the elderly deal with these situations due to their health concerns .
To illustrate , a Magnifier (Microsoft , March 2009) is made available in Windows so that the user can magnify part of their computer's screen in order to view it clearer .
Nevertheless , despite this solution , the elderly are still struggling to cope with the latest technology .
But they should be willing to adapt to technological changes as these are there to help humans cope with their daily activities ; there are also alternatives provided to these changes so that society would not to neglect the elderly .
Finally , society plays a major role in coping with the problem of an aging population with the country's government as a support .
In Singapore , the government has provided many measures to protect the elderly .
In fact , one of the measures includes the "Maintenance of Parents Act" (Statutes , "Maintenance of Parents Act" , Chapter 167B , June 1996) in which parents can demand  rights from their children who  neglected them .
This  helps to prevent grown up children from running away from their responsibilities towards their parents .
Moreover , companies are also encouraged to employ older workers even after these workers are past their retirement age (Channel NewsAsia , September 2009) .
To further attract the interest of companies to do so , recognition such as the "AARP International Innovative Employer Awards" is given out to companies which demonstrate innovation in  inclusion of elderly in their companies (AARP International , January 2008) .
Yet , despite such incentives being given out , many companies still choose to retrench those who fall under the older age group during the retrenchment period claiming that the elderly are less productive and effective .
While this may be true , it is possible to keep the elderly  from being retrenched  as they can take up  courses to improve their skills .
In conclusion , although such research and policies have yet to fully solve the problem of an aging population , they still provide alternatives for the aged and society to cope with the problem .
Thus , it is up to the individuals themselves to determine whether they  want to oblige to the policies implemented or try out those new alternatives .
Aging population is becoming a more and more serious problem , consuming a great amount of money from public programs .
There are several solutions proposed to ease this problem .
One solution is limiting the money spent on programs for the aged and diverting that money to other areas of a country's development .
Some critics say implementing this solution might imply that the government does not want to support the elderly; however , it is a practical solution to the current aging population problem .
Some people say this solution might cause financial difficulty to many elderly and their family , especially some critical segments of the elderly population , such as those who have particularly low income like older single women , or those who have attained little education ( Friedland and  Summer , 2005) .
However , this policy will only use up a part of the money used for the aged .
The remaining money will be used to serve the ones who really need the support from  government .
Those who can support themselves , either by their own savings  or by support of family , should help reduce  financial stress exerted on programs for the elderly .
In fact , there are more and more people who do not have to rely on the government help .
Friedland and  Summer (2005) also agree that "the population aged 65 to 75 is healthier , wealthier and better educated than persons in this age group in past generations" .
In fact , several countries have already implemented means testing systems that reflect the above idea .
In Australia , there is  means testing for age pension based on  income test and assets test to assess compensation payments (http://www .fahcsia .gov .au) .
Starting from 1 January 2009 , Singapore has run a means testing system in its public hospitals: a certain group of citizens with a certain range of income will have a different subsidy scheme .
For example , citizens who have average income lower than $3200 per month will have their hospital fees subsidized by 80% while those who earn more than $5200 monthly will only have their hospital fees subsidized by 50% (source: http://www .hospitals .sg) .
Most importantly , limiting public money spending on the aged will save a great amount of money for the government .
This money can be diverted to other needier and more important programs , such as educational , environmental  and other economic development related programs .
These programs are essential to ensure the development of a country in the near future (economic development programs) and in the long run (education programs) .
Friedland and  Summer (2005) state that the key word in fighting against aging population is economic growth .
As the economy develops , the country will generate more money and thus be able to spend a greater amount of money on programs such as health care support for the elderly .
In conclusion , a country which faces an aging population problem should consider limiting public money spent on the aged and instead use more of itforits development .
Such money can be considered as an investment for the country's economy .
Besides , a country could also  support programs that make this policy run more effectively , such as promoting children's willingness to support their elderly parents and implementing means testing programs .
Yes , I agree .
Information Technology (IT) has come a long way .
Firstly , it is user-friendly .
With IT , the old can age with dignity .
Also , IT is indispensible for learning .
It is said that one is never too old to learn .
With IT , this saying can never be truer .
Moreover , IT makes it easier to grow old nowadays with more available help .
IT is user-friendly .
It overcomes the two main problems that the elderly have when using IT .
Firstly , the elderly may have a difficult time figuring out the user interface .
Also , old people tend to forget .
Because of the above , the elderly may find using IT a challenge .
However , IT can actually be made simple to use .
One way is to provide a simple user interface .
With this , the elderly will never go wrong as there are only a few buttons to choose from .
Another way is to provide a functionality to the interface to "remember" inputs .
This way  , the elderly would not have to worry about having forgotten what they have done before to the interface .
IT is indispensible for learning .
Some people may think that many people nowadays do not have much patience with the elderly .
Teaching the elderly would therefore be a chore for them .
IT , on the other hand , will never grow impatient with the old .
It acts as an alternative and gives older people chances to learn or try to do something .
Some people may argue that although IT would not grow impatient with the old , the old may , in contrast , grow impatient with IT .
However , I believe that IT is user-friendly , and therefore easy to pick up .
The elderly , if given a chance at IT , will never tire of it .
IT makes it easier to grow old nowadays with more available help .
IT (as cited in Helsinki , 8 April , 2003) could improve the operative ability of the elderly and may even enhance their well-being .
The aged could even prevent being sent to an old folk's home , be able to live alone at home , and increase individual management of their personal issues .
One big hurdle is to get the elderly to accept the new products and to learn how to use them .
However , with the considerable degree of benefit that they will have , I think this hurdle would not be a problem .
The elderly would just have to see and understand the advantages IT would bring to their lives .
From the above , we can see that to a large extent , current research and development in IT have helped to ease the aging process .
IT not only brings great convenience to the livelihood of the aged , but is also user-friendly .
This makes it easy for the elderly , who would be slow at learning , to pick up IT and get familiarized with it at their own time .
It is also clear that with all the above reasons , the elderly would most definitely find it rather undemanding for them to embrace IT in their lives .
First of all , public spending on the aged can be diverted to help those people who have lower income but have the potential of pursuing a higher education to get better qualification .
The government could offer scholarships or offer subsidized school fees based on their income level in order to help to generate more highly educated people so that the effects of having little education and not being able to save during one's economically active years could be minimized .
Although there are benefits , this will result in a large number of people having high qualifications and it will end up becoming something that is common among everybody .
Therefore , diverting money to education would not help to minimize the effect of having little education and not being able to save during one's economically active years .
Thus , this suggests that public spending on the aged should not be limited .
In conclusion , public spending should not be diverted to other areas such as education and generation of a more productive workforce .
Instead , the government should support the aged by providing work that are suitable for them  as well as providing support for their medical and social spending in order to help them  cope with the rising issue of social and healthcare cost .
In addition , by providing work for the elderly , they can earn enough money for themselves to spend even though they were unable to save during their economically active years .
Moreover , when the government provides support for medical and social spending , it will allow the elderly to have enough money to spend for their other leisure activities .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be limited in order to allow the elderly to age with dignity .
Yes , I agree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be used for other areas of development .
There are several reasons  why public spending should be limited .
One reason is that the government can still provide benefits to the elderly by developing programmes that will benefit all age groups .
By limiting public spending on the aged , the government can focus on other areas of development such as the economy .
Government could use public funds to invest in job markets to increase the economic growth of the country .
This does bring some benefits to the elderly .
With an increase in economic growth , the number of working population will rise as more people will be able to find jobs .
In addition , working adults would be able to earn more income in a stable economy .
Therefore , the working population will have more capability to support their elderly parents .
This will encourage working adults to take responsibility in looking after their elderly parents and thus , promoting filial obligation .
On top of that , with a better economy , the elderly will be able earn more income if they decide to continue to work until retirement age .
There are other reasons  why public spending on the aged should be limited .
One reason is the rising cost of care for the aged .
This is because the number of people aged 60 and above is expected to  triple by year 2050 .
Also , with the rising cost of living , the amount of funds needed to care for the elderly will rise tremendously .
This will mean  higher tax is required .
Therefore , if the government does not limit the spending , more taxpayer's money will be needed to  care for the elderly .
If this trend continues , the country's financial reserves will be depleted .
As a result , there is a need to balance  public spending .
In conclusion , public spending on the elderly should be limited so that funds could be used in other areas of development .
The government must be able to balance the funds so that it will benefit all age groups without compromising anyone .
"Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development" .
I disagree with this statement .
The idea of reducing public spending for the aged would eventually generate more problems in the country and thus slow down the country's development instead .
The scope of this essay focuses on the area of public spending in healthcare of the elderly .
The country could consider adjusting the budget to improve the economy .
Indeed , this may seem to be a wise move as the country will be richer in its next budget planning .
However , as the economy grows , wages increase and the cost of living also increases , it would be inevitable that prices of products , medication ,  services , and hospitalization bills , would also be on the rise .
As  subsidy is reduced , the family will have to pay more .
Therefore , the positive effect of an increase in wages could be  offset by or even be insufficient to keep up with the cost of living for the middle and lower income groups .
Thus , this would lead to the rich getting richer , and the poor getting poorer .
Can we consider  , a country with high GDP , tall and flashy buildings , but  with an increasing number of its citizens   living in slum conditions a country with good economy ?
The answer is no .
Money could also be invested in many other areas of the country's development for further growth or better benefits to the country , rather than waste on healthcare benefits for the elderly .
On the other hand , it is the aged population that had brought the country to what it is right now with their sweat and blood .
Their ailments and conditions could have resulted from their work , be it directly or indirectly caused , while contributing to the nation's progress , thus they should not be ignored .
Because of this ,  it is only reasonable that the country should look after these past contributors and not to overlook their achievements just because they are no longer as capable of contributing to the  .
This latter  move will reflect badly on how the country regards its citizens; it may even discourage its citizens from performing their best , or even  and work in other countries , as they know that the state will not take care of them in their later life .
To sum up , without a doubt diverting public spending from supporting the aged population to the other areas of development in the country may at first seem to be the best option , but eventually , it could  result in more harm than good , either by upsetting the balance of wealth in the country , imparting wrong moral values or conveying the wrong message to its citizens  .
With the development of societies , governments and policy makers pay more attention to the phenomenon of aging populations , especially in developed countries .
According to incomplete figures , in the European countries , spending on pensions , health , and related issues is currently 15% of GDP (gross domestic product)  .
However , although  spending on the aged is high , it should not be limited .
Some argue that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
For instance , government should cut down the spending on the aged , and use more money to attract talented immigrants .
This cannot only stimulate economic growth , but also buffer the rate of aging population .
To a large extent , it seems quite reasonable .
However , the result  may be that many immigrants who have different cultural backgrounds will enter the country .
One country with a great influx of immigrants may  become unstable , since cultures are different and cultural fusion needs a long period of time .
Hence , it is not necessary to limit  public spending on the aged to attract talented immigrants .
On the other hand , such spending should promote a sense of humanity and result in  more ways to help these vulnerable groups ; after all , it is the duty of government to pay more attention to the  groups in  society .
The aged belong to these   , as their productivity  is relatively low , with their medical expenses and social costs  higher than other age groups .
Thus , public support to finance  the aged is extremely important .
In contrast , some may say that it is of children to show filial obedience to the older generation , so young family members must take care of the older generation so government can take less responsibility for older people .
Thus ,  public spending on the aged should be limited .
However , the aim of government is to enable people in its country to live better and happier .
If we just cut down  public spending on the aged and divert  money to other areas of the country's development , this is contrary to the purpose of the government .
In other words , why do we divert the money to other areas of the country's development in the first place ?
Because we want to make our country stronger and the lives of citizens better .
Consequently , diverting the money to other areas of the country's development is an extra and needless job .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should not be limited just so  money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
However , it does not mean that the aged should totally depend on government's support .
The aged are advised to solve their problems as possibly as they can and put  public support as their second choice .
I agree with the statement that "public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development ."
Although we are moving towards a  fast aging population , public spending should be limited and diverted to areas like monetary reward to encourage parents to have more babies .
The country's development should not be hindered just because there is a need for public spending on the aged .
Besides , if we were to slow down the country's development , this might hinder our economic growth which , in turn , will affect  public spending on the aged indirectly .
As we are now facing the problem of a fast aging population , healthcare expenses incurred by the elderly need funding .
To fund these expenses , a large sum of money is needed .
Therefore , if public spending on the aged were to be limited , less budget would be set aside for the elderly , which would affect them as healthcare is very important to them as they  face many health issues .
With the limitation of public spending on the aged , the elderly might not receive essential healthcare due to insufficient funding , which may lead to undesired  .
If public spending on the aged were to be limited and diverted to funds to encourage couples to have more babies , many people would plan to have more babies since their worries of not having enough money to bring up or to support  many babies might have been partially subsidized by the fund .
As the increase in the fund for baby bonus leads to more people planning to have more babies , this would eventually reduce the problem of having too many elderly which result in an aging society .
Besides , when these babies grow up , they will be able to work and earn money to support their parents .
In this way , it indirectly reduces the problem of having to set aside a big amount of money to aid healthcare services for the elderly .
Another reason for limiting public spending on the aged is that the children of the elderly should pay for their parents' healthcare expenses .
If  funding for the aged is limited , this will result in children bearing the responsibilities to look after their own parents .
As people can no longer depend on  society to look after their parents , they will have to take up the responsibilities of looking after their own parents .
In this way , people will be setting a good example to their children on how to look after parents when they grow old .
Although funding for healthcare services for the elderly is essential , it should be limited and diverted to other areas , especially baby bonus .
With more babies born , it could mean more people looking after their parents in the future , which would in turn cut down funds needed for the elderly .
In addition , having more babies will reduce our median age and also solve our problem with an aging population .
Firstly , the elderly can provide for  society by imparting values to the younger generation .
The elderly have spent many years of their youth on this earth .
Thus they have the most life experiences .
They have gone through many good and difficult times .
Therefore they are in the best position to impart values to their children as they are the wisest person in each family .
In this way , the younger generation will be able to gain more wisdom from them .
Hence , crime rates will be greatly reduced as the younger generation will be wise enough to do only the right things .
This will help to make Singapore the safest country in the world .
Therefore the public should continue to provide for them .
Furthermore , even if someone is old , he/she can still provide for the society in terms of decision making .
With the amount of life experiences , they will know the consequences of implementing different kinds of solutions .
A very good example is our former Prime Minister , Mr Lee Kuan Yew .
Despite  his old age , he still contributes to  society by making major decisions for the country .
This shows that an elderly person is never a useless person in the society .
On the contrary , they are the ones who can make the wisest decisions .
These decision making skills can also be imparted to the younger generation .
Hence , the public should continue to provide for the aged .
In addition to the above mentioned factors , the elderly have already contributed many years of their youth to  society .
Now that they are old , they have problems working for their own allowance .
It is the social responsibility of the public to provide for them in order to express their gratitude for the years that they have contributed to the society .
If not for them , Singapore would never have become a developed country .
Hence , there is no way that the other areas can be developed .
Therefore , the public should continue to provide for the aged .
However , the amount spent should not exceed a certain limit .
As children , it is their responsibility to take care of their parents and elders in the family .
By allowing the public to provide for the aged , the children tend to push their responsibility to the public .
They will have a mindset that the elderly can go to the different societies in the community to ask for financial aid .
Thus there should be a limit to the public spending for the aged .
In conclusion , I do not agree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
The elderly can contribute to the society by using their life experiences to make important decisions for the country .
They will also be able to impart life values and skills to the younger generation .
This may seem impossible but it can be made possible if each elderly person begins imparting these values to his own children .
In due time , Singapore will become the safest county that can make the best decisions .
Until recently , there was  much concern about the consequences of over spending on the welfare of the aging population .
It is said that , if a huge portion of the public's money goes to the aging population , it will cause undesirable effects to the country in many ways .
The median age in Singapore is anticipated to be doubled by 2050 .
Which means that the amount spent on the welfare of the senior citizens is also expected to be doubled .
Elder people tend to be the primary beneficiaries from the public spending .
Although , the welfare of the senior citizen may be important  it should not to an extent where the other areas of the country's development are being hindered .
What is therefore needed is to take a close look at the current situation and evenly distribute the public spending into different areas to ensure that the country is  able to prosper .
Public spending must be limited so that it can be diverted into other major areas where it forms the pillars of the economy , like Education , Defense , Technology , and Research & Development .
If the government does not invest enough in these areas , the country will lose its competitiveness , productive capacity in the economy and decrease in public services which will greatly harm the economy .
The importance of a quality educational system is not less than the importance of the aging population .
There is a need to educate the future workforce of the economy , and also to create a workforce which is truly competitive and productive .
Japan is a country with little natural resources and yet has a very highly educated population , which resulted in them being one of the  foremost and advanced countries in the world .
A population with poor educational background will find it hard to compete with other foreign talents with quality education background , thus losing out when it comes to employment and resulting in a huge percentage of the population being unemployed .
Furthermore , foreign investors will not set up factories in countries that are equipped with a poorly educated workforce .
Thus  education is equally important .
The amount spent on the defense should not be neglected as well .
Singapore is a country which is constantly  the target of  terrorists .
There were several terror attempts on Singapore , but it was foiled mainly due to  an effective and strong defense system .
A weak defense system can cripple a country's economy .
For example , New York City was once a major financial center in the world , but after  the September 11th incident , the majority of the investors left New York seeking safer alternatives .
This particular incident cost New York billions of dollars and also millions of job lost overnight .
In addition , defense is also used to safeguard the economic interest of Singapore .
Singapore , being a small country and yet having one of the strongest economies in Asia , has always been the target its neighboring countries .
Without a strong and effective defense , Singapore would have been an easy target .
Therefore , defense is one of the most important areas which safeguards theinterests of a country and the allocation of budget to this area should never be overlooked .
Critics often said that the senior citizens were the country's pioneers and they had been through the process of nation building and it is our responsibility to ensure that their welfare  should never be overlooked .
However , the allocation of the public spending on the aged should be based on wants and the needs of the elderly .
The financially strapped elderly  will receive the necessary subsidies for medical  , and transportation costs from the government .
Therefore ,  those who are financially capable will have to rely solely on their retirement savings .
Otherwise , it would be a huge drain on the tax payer's money , which will not be utilized to its maximum potential .
Clearly , public spending on the aged is required , but other areas which will affect the development of the country are also equally important , if not  more important .
In this ever changing and competitive society , Singapore needs to make the necessary investments in other areas to ensure that it retains its foothold in the global economy .
Therefore there is a need to analyze the importance of each area and cleverly distribute the spending .
If we do not limit the spending on the aged , Singapore may risk  losing its current global recognition status 
Firstly , contributions to society made by the elderly cannot be ignored .
In the past , Singapore was an under developed country with swamps and kampongs  .
The living conditions were poor too .
If not for the elderly members of Singapore who contributed in helping to mould Singapore into a highly developed country today , many will not be enjoying the fruits of the labor .
They have laid a sturdy foundation only for most of us to benefit from it; the infrastructure , the technology , and the standard of living have made us what we are today .
As such , with all the hardships that the aged people have gotten through in helping to develop our country , it will be ruthless for us to leave them unattended or even setting limitations .
Secondly , with the attractive monetary incentive packages which the Singapore Government hands out to its citizens , it is not a foolproof method that works the solution .
The amount of money probably can tie most people over a few months but there are many unforeseen circumstances that might occur .
We know that elderly are prone to medical hiccups .
I would say that it can be from top to bottom .
They are not just common flu or illness that will wade off easily but long term illnesses .
If limitations are set , they will not be able to afford huge sum of money that they have to pay .
Furthermore , we still have to consider those who have been deserted by their own children or those who have no next of kin to depend on .
Thus , they will be alone and unable to take care of themselves .
Ultimately , they will be living in the old folks home and eventually use up their savings .
Without any family support , the only support they get will only come from the public's generous donations .
Having state the above , the main emphasis is that each and every elderly has their own respective needs and problems , thus there is no absolute solution to solve the problems of the aged people much less speaking of limiting the amount of money spent on them .
If we do not address this issue and even set curfew to it , there might be more worrying problems arising which eventually leading to bigger problems and more difficult to solve .
Thirdly , it is our responsibility to take care of our parents whom grew us up since young .
Without their care and concern , we will not be who we are now .
Morally , I feel that there is no way to set limits .
In fact , it is our obligation to take care of them right until their twilight years .
On the other hand , I mentioned in paragraph two that Singapore is a highly developed country now .
Despite so , we cannot take things for granted as we are still mainly dependent on external economies of other countries especially the Europe and United States of America .
Unlike other countries , Singapore has limited land and has no natural resources .
Thus the solution is to pump in money to further educate younger Singaporeans , invest in other countries and constantly carrying out Research and Development .
All this will be possible only when Singapore continues to invest more money in that respective area .
As the amount of money needed to invest in the respective area is huge , the government may need to consider using money from other aspects such as setting a limit to the amount of money spent on the aged if there is a situation whereby Singapore is financially strapped .
To conclude , these are the probable factors that may arise if public spending on the aged is implemented .
Not only that , if the government is scrapped financially , the government may consider setting the limit and help Singapore in its development .
Ageing is viewed as an inevitable phase of life that we are compelled to live through .
Despite the challenges surrounding an ageing society , it is still depicted as the best part of our lives - 'the golden years' .
This description of old age is true as most countries have now increased efforts to address the challenges surrounding the graying population .
Therefore , I agree that current research and development/policies have helped to ease the ageing process .
One of the major problems faced by the aged is financial security .
Most elderly are worried about retirement costs .
One way to deal with the financial challenges of an ageing population is to enforce a compulsory saving scheme for their old age .
Like many governments around the world , the Singapore government has implemented the Central Provident Fund (CPF) whereby a fixed percentage of its citizens' salaries is set aside to the fund .
Recently , there have also been top-ups provided to their CPF accounts to further help them meet their retirement needs .
However , some may argue that no matter how large the nest-egg one has carefully managed to put aside , the sum is not sufficient to cover the rising cost of everyday life and healthcare services .
As a solution , the government also invests a considerable amount of resources in health promotion and disease prevention .
Not only are the healthcare services subsidized , a community health screening programme is also inaugurated for seniors .
These enable the aged to lead a better quality life without being anxious over financial difficulties .
It is regrettable that when we think of old age , what automatically comes to mind are visions of loneliness and neglect .
Over the years , efforts have been made to develop elder-friendly public infrastructure and housing as well as community based support services .
In Singapore , HDB flats are now designed with the ageing population in mind .
One example is the Studio Apartment Scheme .
These studios are built in such a way that it allows the elderly to be independent .
Some facilities include  lifts at every floor instead of alternate floors and  elder-friendly features such as non-slip tiles and grab bars .
Railing , ramps and passage way access to building are also  available .
With this , elderly people who have difficulty walking can get help by holding on to railing and at the same time exercise their leg muscles .
Ramps are also built for the wheelchair bound so that they can go in and out of the building without any help .
In addition , located within the perimeters are senior citizens' corners which allow them to mingle with one another .
However , one setback is the breakdown of family ties .
Children may not find the need to visit as they assume that the elderly already have  proper care .
Although some people claim that old people enjoy each other's company more than that of the young people , I find it hard to imagine an old person feeling very happy with only rare visits from his or her family .
Friendships may be important , but surely kinship is equally , if not , more important .
The government promotes close family bonding through education and celebrations such as 'Grandparents' Day .'
This way , the elderly can age happily in the comfort of their homes , surrounded by family and friends .
In conclusion , I agree that to a large extent , current research and development/policies have helped to ease the ageing process .
The elderly would feel more at ease knowing that help is forthcoming for them in their twilight years .
I agree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
It is well-known that our society is aging and there are strategies currently in place to aid the aged that would lessen their financial burden or other needs .
Singapore may suffer from long term economic loss while possible government support for the elderly could cause a portion of its Gross Domestic Product (GDP) to decline .
To deal with the limitation of public spending for the aged , a budget amount should be set aside to allow enough funds to be used for building and developing infrastructure , creating employment opportunities and improving the standard of living to benefit the nation , as well as to increase its economy and  GDP .
Firstly , by having more funds , Singapore can build and develop new infrastructure .
Public transportation systems including light rail system , mass rapid transit system , as well as the current new railway network , Circle line , are well advanced to make the public accessible to any location in Singapore .
Constructing of overhead bridges and expressways has benefited the citizens too .
Developing housing facilities in new towns or designated places enable people to have water and power supply , modern sanitation and communication systems .
Currently , the government has set aside an amount to build integrated resorts , the casinos , and tourist attractions to attract tourists to  Singapore .
This would enable foreign currency/ exchange to come in and improve the economy .
Next , having more funds can create employment opportunities for the people .
Having hotels , shopping centers , transportation or other amenities would  improve the economy .
Tourists  spend their money on accommodation in hotels , shopping and entertainment , food and beverages in restaurants , cultural shows and souvenirs and transportation which would generate foreign exchange .
Employment opportunities would then be created for the local people  as hotel attendants , tour guides are needed .
As these people need to be hired , they can contribute to the society and sustain the economy .
However , the rising standard of living can cause some factors that will contribute to the aging population such as high-quality health care , which helps people live longer .
Even though with the help from the government and fund raising campaigns set up by charity organizations , there will be still a sizeable segment of the population the government has to consider to continue to aid  .
With the rising cost of basic necessities and medical costs due to inflation in the future , those with no or low income  will suffer as these factors will result in the elderly not having enough savings or income to overcome the current economic climate .
Furthermore , social problems like quarrelling over money issues , or even stealing of money would happen in future .
Another point is that the elderly , in their younger age , would have contributed to the society and the economy .
Therefore , the government has to play a part to help the aged if they have any financial difficulties or in any other ways .
In conclusion , an aging population may cause Singapore's economy to decline .
However , since the elderly in their younger age may have contributed to the society and the economy , we should spend a certain amount of money for their needs if they have problems dealing with money issues .
But , the amount must be balanced and has to take into consideration  other needs such as improving and developing  creating employment opportunities and the rising standard of living of the nation .
The extent of public spending on the aged has always been a complicated issue in many developed countries .
Over spending may result in a shortage of resources in the development of the nation , while under spending may imply  negligence of government towards the aged .
We will discuss  whether to limit the public spending on the aged .
Firstly , with appropriate limitations , more money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Upon having better technology and infrastructure developments , the country will be able to attract more Multinational Corporations (MNCs) to invest ,  thus increasing job opportunities .
For example , Singapore has  attracted MNCs such as Las Vegas Sands Corp . and Genting International & Star Cruises to invest in the tourism sector .
Integrated Resorts (IR)  will generate approximately 50 ,000 to 60 ,000 additional jobs .
It is also estimated that there will be a boost in the tourism receipts by 2015 and this will improve the economy of Singapore .
Hence , it can be clearly seen that with limitations to public spending on the aged , the money diverted to other areas can help in boosting the economy condition of the country .
Carolyn , Quek .
(2009) .
Director also took loans .
Retrieved September 12 , 2009 , from Straits Time Web site: http://www .straitstimes .com/Breaking%2BNews/Singapore/Story/STIStory_364985 .
html
Scandal Causes Sharp Drop in Ren Ci Donations: http://singaporenews .wordpress .com/2008/07/18/scandal-causes-sharp-drop-in- ren-ci-donations/
A third reason to limit the public spending on the aged will be that the aged population today is different from that of the past past .
They are healthier , wealthier and more educated than that of the past .
Many of them are within the top management .
They hold high posts such as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) , Chief Operating Officer etc .
They are capable of taking care of their lives and do not need the government's aid .
Other than this group of aged , there is also another group of aged who refuses to obtain help from others .
Due to their strong integrity , they believe that as long as they are physically fit , they will want to continue to work and support for themselves .
To facilitate this , McDonald's adopted a policy to recruit the aged population as their staff members .
As the aged  are able to take care of themselves , public spending can be limited so that it can be invested in other areas for enhanced development .
Finally , having no limitation on public spending on the aged will lead to an increase in dependency on the public spending by the aged .
Apparently , some persons will try to abuse the public spending policy .
They will have this mindset that since the government will be taking care of their lives , they need not work . .
Hence , they will rely heavily on the government subsidies .
However , there may be a small minority of aged who are physically unfit to work .
They will need subsidies from government in order to maintain their lives .
Hence limitations on public spending should be implemented so that only this needy group of the aged will benefit . .
In conclusion , with proper limitations on public spending on the aged , the excess money can be channelled to the development of the country , thus improving its economy  .
More trust can be gained from the public with transparency .
The aged population will also be encouraged to take care of themselves instead of over-relying on public spending .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited .
Resources
Integrated Resort .
(no date) .
Retrieved September 12 , 2009 , from Wikipedia:
http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Integrated_Resort
Hng Kiang , Lim .
(2007 , April 16) .
Impact of the Two IRs in 2010 .
Speech presented at The Resorts World at Sentosa Groundbreaking Ceremony .
http://www .getforme .com/previous2007/160407_impactofthetwointegratedresortsi n2010 .htm
In  modern societies , the aging population is increasing  .
The reason is that the more the living standard is developed , the more the life is lengthened .
Therefore , the government should consider carefully how it treats this special group of citizens .
However , there are some people who state that the public spending on the aged should be limited , so that the money can be spent on other areas .
I totally agree with this idea .
This essay will give some reasons that support thist idea .
Secondly , I hold the view that if all the other areas of the country are developed adequately , the living standard of the aging population will increase then .
It is easily  seen that if all the other parts of the public facilities are improved strongly , the living standard will increase for all the people in the country , including the elderly .
As far as I am concerned , when the living standard is developed , the incomes of the young people will rise so that they can pay more money to help their parents , who are the aged also .
Another argument  is when the government pays so much on the other areas , there will not be any money to help the elderly .
This counter argument is good but it may be not correct because the government pays for the other areaswhich are also the public facilities , so that the elderly can utilise those facilities also .
In my mind , the youth have a duty to care for their old parents in the way that  their parents took care of them when they were young .
All in all , there are many reasons which support the idea that  spending  on the aged should be limited .
There are also many benefits for the aged citizens .
All things considered , I totally agree with this idea .
Aging , a biological process which every single normal human in this world must experience every day , has become quite a  serious problem for some countries in  recent decades .
Japan for instance , with its average age of population at 42 in the year 2009 , is having a quite serious problem with an aging population .
What is the actual problem with the aging problem ?
Basically , with the number of the working population dwindling  and the number of the so called "old aged" rising up , the expense for taking care of the "old" is increasing and the economy is facing a huge threat of collapsing .
This  , however , has been taken too seriously by some countries .
Although this problem is quite serious , over-emphasizing and spending too much on this problem is not a good idea .
I agree that spending for the old age should be limited for the "old" is not the only concern of a country .
There exists many other aspects of a country that needs more funding and , in some cases , spending more in these other aspects can actually help a country's aging population problem .
Education in a country is one area that can indirectly help in easing the aging population problem .
How can the education sector help ?
Firstly we have to take a look at the cause of the decrease in the  working population .
The decrease itself can be caused by 2 different things: low birth rate , which means the problem arises because of the shortage of youth; and low education , which means that the problem arises because the shortage of well-educated youths for the workforce .
In the latter case , reallocating the funds for taking care of the "old" to the education sector can help in both easing the aging population and developing the country .
One example of this case is Singapore .
With the education sector well funded , not only  can Singapore increase the number of workforce by increasing the number of educated youths , she/ it also manage to attract a lot of immigrants from the neighboring countries such as Malaysia , China , India , Vietnam , and Indonesia .
These immigrants and well-educated youth , in the long run , can ease the aging problem by becoming the workforce , increasing the size and moving the wheels of the economy and decreasing the elder dependency on the government .
Another aspect that can help in easing the problem is the industrial development of a country .
In contrast to the earlier education sector which helps in easing the problem by eliminating the cause , an increase in spending in this sector helps by reducing the effects of the old aging population: the collapse of the economy .
The aging population problem can practically stop the turning wheels of economy as the ones who turn the wheel are the industrial and commercial sector of a country , which needed youths as its workforce .
By spending more in this sector , one can hope that the economy will not collapse and immigrants are more attracted to come .
Japan , in this case , is one good example .
Japan , as one of the developed countries , has put great emphasize in its industries .
Their industries , starting from the modern gaming industries such as koei and konami to the more luxurious and "heavy" industries of sport cars such as Mitsubishi , are well-known to have a wide range of customers around the world .
With the industrial sector well-developed , Japan can still maintain its economy from falling despite  its average population age of 42 and proved that funding the industrial development sector can really help in easing the aging problem by reducing its impact .
Although one can already see from the examples above that spending on the old age should be limited and the fund should be reallocated to other sectors , one might still think that we are in debt to the aging population because of their previous effort and work in the past and that we have to show our gratitude to them by allocating some  for them , spending too much is still not wise idea .
Taking care of the  aging population and spending some for them is indeed the government's obligation and responsibility but one can already see that there are some alternative and better ways to solve and to take care of this population problem , as shown above .
Spending too much on the  aged population will not benefit the country at all as spending too much will only waste the funds and will not bring any development or solution to the problem .
On the contrary , spending in other areas might bring benefits as well as solutions for the problem .
The examples stated above have already shown the facts that reallocating the funds will greatly benefit a country .
Spending on education will help in developing the country and eliminating one of the causes of the aging population problem , while spending on industrial development will help in attracting immigrants and keeping the economy running .
These examples , with the fact that spending for the old age population will not bring any benefit have proven that it is better to limit and reallocate the spending for old age .
Just as the aging population is a serious problem , spending on the  aged population is also a problem if it is not done properly .
Spending on the aged must be limited and not too much as there are other aspects as shown above that also need to be funded .
On the other hand , spending on the old age should not be too little either as spending too little will cause the population to be upset and therefore decrease the government stability .
It is a challenge for the government to find the right portion of the spending that has to be allocated for the aged population in the country as it is one of the obligations and responsibilities a government has .
The better alternative , however , is spending more on the other aspects rather than spending on the aging population .
If one can solve the aging problem and develop the country at the same time by spending more on other sectors in the country  as mentioned above , why would one choose not to and spend more on the old age population ?
The aging problem is gradually growing into a larger concern for many developed and developing countries in recent years .
Furthermore , this problem is likely to become more serious in the near future as the lifespan of mankind keeps increasing .
This is when technology comes into play .
Technology plays  an essential role in helping to ease the aging process for the elders in mainly three ways .
Last but certainly not least , technology promises a brighter future for all men , including the elders .
In fact , the future is not far away from the present .
Take a look at organs , for instance .
"Several different technologies for harnessing regeneration are now in clinical trials around the world .
One machine , being tested in Germany , sprays a burn patient's own cells onto a burn , signaling the skin to re-grow" ( Andrews , year ?) .
Similarly , the quality of artificial organs is improving at an amazing speed , while the need for organ replacement is growing at an even faster rate .
(Cascalho and Platt) It can be seen that future technology may lead to longer lifespan and better healthcare , as well as possible ways to make an elder's body literally young and energetic once again .
Technology has been playing a major part in helping ease the aging process .
It slows human's aging speed , makes up human's deficiencies when they grow old , and promises a brighter future that human can look forward to .
It is most likely that technology will continue to play an essential role in almost all our lives .
From a handsome young lad to a grouchy old man and from a pretty young babe to a nagging old woman , "Aging is a continuous process from birth to death , which encompasses physical , social , psychological , and spiritual changes ."
(1) During this process , an elderly will experience deterioration in memory , slower reflexes and mobility and strong desire to have familial support .
To a great extent medical and technological developments help tackle such changes hence help ease the process of aging .
Firstly , the most common psychological change that elderly will experience is deteriorating memory .
This change can lead to a lot of complications such as forgetting to take medicine for other illnesses , wandering around the streets because they forget how to get home and unable to remember things they had just did .
Personal digital assistant (PDA) can be used to help the elderly remember things .
With this device , one can set time-based reminders to remind them to perform periodic chores for instance to take their medicine .
In the medical field , there is a lot of ongoing research to find medical cures to slow down or stop the process of deteriorating memory .
There are various non-profitable organizations all over the world seeking cures for common illness among elderly an example will be for Parkinson Disease there is the Parkinson's Institute and Clinical Center in America .
(2)
Secondly , biological change is another change that aging brings about .
There are the obvious changes such as physical appearance and the not so obvious change in terms of muscular build and structure .
As one advances in age , their movement and reflex become tardier .
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology is a new technology which is in use to help the elderly .
For example in Singapore , the Land Transport Authority (LTA) is looking into using RFID to help the elderly .
The traffic light will be modified to be able to extend the time for slow-walking elderly to cross the road when it detects an elder is going to cross the road .
(3) Muscular related problems are common among the elderly .
Various types of pain-killer are introduced to help ease the pain of the elderly .
Lastly , the sociological change that the elderly experienced is the desire to be closer to their family members .
Familial relationship is more important to them and they are more dependent on their children to look after them .
Work commitment makes it impossible for their children to be with them twenty-four seven .
Web-camera is a technology that can help bring members of the family closer .
They might not be able to meet physical daily but at least it is an alternative for the elderly to have their empty heart filled and know that they are care for .
Working children can also use web cameras to keep a lookout for their elderly parents at home and should any mishaps happen they can go to their aid immediately .
In conclusion , technology helps an elder to adapt to changes in aging process easier .
It can help fulfill their psychological , biological and sociological needs .
Based on the aging statistics conducted by the Administration of Aging , "the older population who aged 65 years old and above in America is numbered to be 37 .3 million in 2006" and it is expected to be rising where there will be "more than twice the number by 2030 ."
As the population aged , there will be a higher probability for the elderly to suffer from certain illnesses and disorders that will affect both their physical and mental health .
Some of the illnesses and disorders include Alzheimer's disease , chronic disease such as hypertension and diabetes and cataract .
However , as the technology becomes more and more advanced , countries will be able to tap into the newer technologies and develop more elder-friendly inventions that eventually ease and slow the aging process .
Firstly , Alzheimer's disease is "the loss of intellectual and social abilities that is severe enough to interfere with daily functioning ."
Based on research , the number of people suffering from Alzheimer's disease rise "from around 2 .8 million people to 5 .1 million today" and the probability of people "developing Alzheimer's disease doubles every five years after the age of 65" .
Thus to aid those elderly who are suffering from Alzheimer's disease , many researchers have used the current or newer technology to come out with different innovative solutions .
One of the examples will be a "reminder robot which is developed by the University of Tokyo" .
This reminder robot which is named as "Mamoru monitor every move its owner makes and verbally alert them when they are trying to do the same activity twice a day" .
This helps to prevent the elderly from forgetting and doing the same thing/action repetitively in a day .
In addition , the University of Tokyo has also developed another reminder robot where "it monitors a room with camera and senor to keep track of where pre-registered objects have been placed in the room ."
This helps the elderly to locate their items and ensure that they will not misplace their valuable items .
Secondly , chronic diseases such as hypertension and diabetes are very common illness among the aging population .
These illnesses require constant and regular medication and treatment from the doctor to keep it under control .
From research , "death rate from high blood pressureincreased25 .2 percent ,and the actual number of deaths rose56 .4 percent ."
To ensure that the elderly go for their treatment and take their medication constantly , researchers have come out with practical solutions that eventually alert/ remind the elderly to take their medications on time .
The first example will be the automatic pill dispenser called the Medtime XL .
"Medtime XL is a device for dispensing medicine where it reminds the user when the medicine shall be taken and making the correct dose available .
"Besides that , "alarm will also sound and pills rotate into position" based on the individual medication time and the "alarm will only go away after the users have turned the device upside down" to retrieve their pills .
The second example will be the "Ageing Lab's Robot Pet called the Pill Pets" .
Pill Pets is created by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) where "it reminds owner to take their pill or go to the doctor for regular treatment or checkup ."
If the elderly fails to perform the task required by the pill pets , the "pill pet will try a more visceral reminder which include simulating sickness or death ."
By having those inventions , children of elderly suffering from chronic disease will not have to manually remind their parent on their medication dosage and time through phone and thus train the elderly to be more independent .
Thirdly , as we age , the chance of getting a vision disorder such as cataract will be higher .
Based on research , "by age 80 , more than half of all Americans are suffering from cataracts ."
"A cataract is a clouding of the lens in the eye that affects vision ."
To help those elderly who are suffering from cataract , researchers have come out with various creative solutions that are closely related to their daily lifestyle .
The first example will be the Tek Partner TV remote .
"Tek Partner TV remote is a special TV remote that consists of large , illuminated buttons" .
The second example will be the "Accenda Voice-Adicted TV remote where "elderly is able to change the TV channel and play video through voice command" .
By having these elderly friendly inventions , it increases convenience and elderly would be able to better operate their television with their blur vision and there will not be too much strain on their eyes when they look and use the remote control .
However , the critics of this argument feel that the current technology does not help to ease the aging process , but instead , it infringes on the privacy of the elderly .
It is true that technological inventions  tend to infringe on the privacy of the elderly , but they still help to ease the aging process as the monitoring of elderly through various electronic ways are done at a good cause .
Due to the increasing aging population , there will be an increasing number of elderly that are likely to suffer from disease such as dementia .
By monitoring the elderly actions through web camera and reminder robot , children of the elderly can be better informed of the well-being of their parents and thus able to work at ease .
Other than that , monitoring can also give the elderly more sense of security as everything will be recorded down and they can easily refer to the recorded video without straining their brain cells to recall and find those items that they have misplaced it .
In conclusion , increasing aging population has posed huge challenges to the whole world .
With advanced technology , elderly friendly inventions can be easily developed to train the elderly to be more independent and thus help in easing the aging population .
Besides that , through advanced technology , it can further help to lighten the workload and burden of the government .
Do you know that by 2030 , Singapore's aging population would increase from 8 .4% in 2005 to 18 .7% in 2030 thereby making it as one of the fastest aging population in Asia .
This can be translated into an increase of about 296 ,000 in June 2005 to 873 ,300 in 2030 .
[1] As the elderlyage , they are bound to suffer from illnesses such as visual and mobility impairment and stroke .
Although no treatment has been discovered to cure such illnesses , the only way is to improve and come up with new innovative technology to help ease the current aging process .
Although critics argue that technological inventions have helped to ease the aging process , this however , may not be the case .
In overall , technological inventions may be a great help to the elderly .
However once the elderly become over dependent on technology , they will be at a loss once the device is unable to respond to expectations .
This will result in the elderly being unable to continue with their daily lives .
For example , there is no absolute assurance that device that will never breakdown .
What if an elderly who is operating an electric wheelchair suddenly breaks down in the middle of the road and the elderly got stranded in the middle of the road; this will definitely cause disastrous effects to the elderly and to the traffic .
Therefore this is the main reason why technological inventions may have not ease the aging process in Singapore .
[4] (2008) .
Singapore Medical Journal Editorial .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from <http://smj .sma .org .sg/4911/4911e1 .pdf> .
[5] (2008 , November 06) .
"Taking a fall ."
asiaonehealth .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from <http://www .asiaone .com/Health/Women%2527s%2BMatters/Active%2BAging/Story/A 1Story20081106-98782 .html> .
[6] "HipSaver ."
Win Health .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from <http://www .win-health .com/hipsaver-hip-protector .html> .
[7] (1999) .
Singapore Medical Journal .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from <http://www .sma .org .sg/smj/4001/articles/4001ra1 .html> .
[8] Singapore National Stroke Association .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from <http://www .snsa .org .sg/what'stroke .html> .
[9] Secom .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from <http://www .secom .co .jp/english/myspoon/index .html> .
[10] Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from <http://www .mcys .gov .sg/successful_ageing/report/Chapter%204%20- %20Accessibility%20for%20Seniors .pdf> .
However with the increase of elderly in Singapore , the number of elderly suffering from all kinds of illness also increases .
Without the use of technology , there will not be enough care givers in Singapore to provide support and help to the sick elderly .
Therefore , the need for technologies will be the only solution to help ease the aging process .
With technologies getting more and more advanced each day , elderly who suffers from illnesses requires technology to reduce their burden and ease their daily lives .
With "age-related macular degeneration being the major cause of visual impairment in elderly ,"[2] "it has been proven that patients who suffer from visual impairment have difficulty recognizing faces or identifying objects ."
Not only will elderly have difficulty recognizing different faces , they will also lose their ability to perform simple task such as pouring a cup of water .
However as technology advances , new and improve innovations are created to help elderly solve such awkward problems .
For example a new technology called "Braun Bell Mug"[3] is designed to assist elderly who suffers from visual impairment .
This technology allows elderly to pour water into the mug without fearing that water will overflow .
As this cup is installed with water surface sensors in the mug with 3 indication levels (low , medium and high) on the handle along with a bell integrated in the cup , elderly would just need to select the level of the water they desire .
After selecting the level , elderly would then pour the water until it reaches the desired level and a bell will immediately sound off to alert the elderly to stop pouring .
[4] This ensures that elderly would not get scalded when handling with hot water .
Therefore , with this innovative technology , it would definitely ease the elderly aging process .
Another illness that brings forth attention is mobility impairment .
As elderly aged , they will gradually lose neuro-muscular coordination which in terms means losing of muscle power or balance .
This will result in elderly suffering from falls and which in turn risks osteoporosis-related fractures .
[5] Technology is also able to relieve the elderly in this situation , for example the "HipSaver Hip Protector" is designed to help prevent elderly from sustaining fractures and minimize the forces of impact if they really fall .
This invention is an all-soft one piece brief with thin tapered elastic foam pads encased in a waterproof and airtight pouch .
It effectively protects the elderly by absorbing the impact from a severe fall .
According to this source , a controlled study is conducted on elderly over the age of 79 , and the percentage of elderly who uses the HipSaver Hip Protector had 199 falls over 26 months with no hip fractures while the group of elderly who did not use suffers 369 falls over 26 months with 16 sustained hip fractures .
At the same time , an air pad will inflate like a miniature air bag diverting the force away the hipbone .
The elderly can wear this comfortable Hip Protector for the whole day in comfort .
[6] Lastly  this deviceno need for a comma here it provides confidence and independent living for the elderly .
"In Singapore , the 3rd leading cause of death is stroke .
"[7] "Stroke is a disease that affects arteries supplying blood to the brain and causes sudden non-convulsive malfunction to the brain .
Unless the blood supply restores , part of the brain cells will die and this will cause irreversible permanent brain damage .
"[8] There is an increasing number of elderly who suffers from stroke and many of which became disabled .
Thus , as technology advances day by day , there are many various innovative solutions that help the elderly to solve the problems faced in their daily lives .
For example , a new invention called "My Spoon" has been invented to help disabled elderly .
"My Spoon" is a robotic arm which operates by controlling the joystick where elderly can be able to move it in 4 directions (up , down left , right) to maneuver the arm which can wield a spoon or a fork to bring the food to their mouth .
The elderlycould  use the joystick to select their desired food on the food tray .
One of the users , Takashi Fuzawa who had tried out this device , commented that this device has helped him to eat by himself without much help .
[9] This technology benefits the elderly by obtaining minimal help from the care givers to feed them and allowing them to gain confidence in living an independent life .
According to a report concerning the aging population in Singapore , "there is an increase of elderly living alone from 10 ,400 in 1990 to 25 ,700 in 2000 .
"[10] With more elderly living alone , the need for more care givers also increases .
Moreover , as elderly are prone to illnesses and accidents , they might suffer from severe falls and strokes .
However with technology improving drastically , many new innovative technologies have surfaced to assist the elderly .
With these elderly care devices and gadgets , the elderly can lead a safe and independent life with minimal help from care givers .
In conclusion , the importance of technology has created an impact in elderly daily lives and has helped to ease the aging process .
-----------------------
[1] Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from <http://www .mcys .gov .sg/successful_ageing/report/Chapter%201%20- %20Demographic%20Realities .pdf> .
[2] Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from <http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Macular_degeneration> .
[3] Yanko Design .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from <http://www .yankodesign .com/2009/08/06/no-more-overspills-even-if-you-are- blind/> .
Based on a recent survey conducted on the impact of technology on the elderly , the majority of the elderly surveyed believe that advancement in technology "will produce better quality of life for themselves"(1) .
Indeed , advancement in technology has helped to ease the aging process in terms of health , lifestyle and safety .
Firstly , technological inventions in the field of science have made health care more efficient .
Majority of the elderly suffer from memory loss .
In fact , up to "5 percent" of the elderly in a population suffer from it (2) .
This can cause health deterioration , as these elderly may not be able to remember to take their medications .
However , recent technology such as the "Med-eMonitor from InforMedix" can help to ease this burden (3) .
The Med- eMonitor is a pill organizer that has different compartments to separate medications , a built-in reminder system , an on-screen instruction panel and a communication line (3) .
When it is time to take the medication , a musical chime will be played to alert the elderly .
If the elderly does not respond to this chime , "the machine can place a phone call to a family member or care provider" (3) .
Another example would be online health services .
Today , health care has gone digital .
There are many websites available , which provide online health checkups .
One example would be Hear-it .org .
It provides an online hearing test that determines whether an elderly would "benefit from wearing hearing devices" (4) .
This makes it much easier for the elderly , especially for those who have trouble walking , as they do not have to visit a test centre in order to get their hearing tested .
Such technologies make health care much simpler , which in turn , makes it much more efficient .
Secondly , technological inventions can help improve the lifestyle of the elderly by making them more independent and bringing them closer to their relatives .
Take Japan for example .
Nearly "22 percent" of its population consists of the elderly (5) .
Thus , Japan resorted to technological inventions "to care for [its] rapidly graying population" (5) .
An example would be "Secom Co .'s My Spoon feeding robot" that helps the elderly eat with a "spoon and fork-fitted swiveling arm" (5) .
Another example would be the "rubber and nylon muscle suit developed by the Tokyo University of Science" (5) .
This suit "helps to keep the elderly active by providing upper body support" and allows them to "lift heavy objects" with ease (5) .
With inventions like these , the elderly will no longer need to rely on relatives and care providers for support .
Today , there has been an increase in the number of breakdown in family ties .
One of the reasons for this may be that many elderly suffer from hearing loss .
Conversation between family members and relatives becomes frustrating , as they have to constantly repeat themselves .
This causes tension between relatives and family members .
Thus , many elderly tend to seclude themselves from the society (6) .
With hearing aids , this problem will no longer be present .
"More than 30 percent [of the elderly] experience improvements in six months" (7) .
With these improvements , elderly will no longer have to worry about troubled family relationship , thus bringing them closer to their family .
Lastly , technological inventions can help keep the elderly safe in their homes .
Today , many companies provide home monitoring systems .
An example would be QuietCare .
QuietCare uses an "average of five to seven" sensors to monitor movement within the elderly home (8) .
It can detect , using infrared sensors , if there is "a lack of movement" within the home and notify the relative or a care person (8) .
Another example would be the intercom doorbell , which can help the elderly "respond to visitors without having to rush" (9) .
This , in turn , can help prevent injury caused by falls .
The most common invention would be the webcam .
An example would be Willing Webcam that has a built-in "motion capture detection sensor" (10) .
This sensor can activate actions such as "sending emails" , "SMS text message" or "sounding an alarm" (10) .
It can detect "the slightest movement in the home" and notify the user if there is an intruder (10) .
With such technologies at hand , the elderly will be confident to live alone knowing that their safety is well taken care of .
With such advancement in technology , aging would be a worry of the past .
As we head towards the future , more technological inventions would rise , easing the aging process even further .
Who knows , in the future we might even have a fully automated house with a built-in conveyer belt to guide the elderly from one point to another .
Governments often put their focus on the country's development such as economic growth and do not see the importance of taking care of the aged .
As the problem of an aging population arises , governments turn their attention to this group of people and provide some assistance for them .
However , the main priority is still on the country's development and the spending on the aged is not sufficient to curb the aging population's needs .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be limited just to contribute more towards the country's development .
The aging population problem should be viewed at the same importance as the country's development .
If governments were to provide little or no help to the aged , the citizens would be worried about their future in the country and result in a threat to social stability .
On the other hand , if public spending on the aged is not limited , this would cause an adverse effect on the younger workforce .
For example , more tax would be imposed on them in order to have more funds for the aged .
However , Australia's pension scheme has proven to be effective in higher taxes to provide pension for the aged .
The factors leading to an aging population are low birth rate and advanced health care .
Governments are constantly trying to produce effective solutions to deal with the factors which are part of the development plan .
However , governments should not limit the spending on the aged as those solutions will not solve the current situation of the aging population that countries are facing .
For example , if money is diverted to the child benefits scheme , this will improve the situation of low birth rates but does not relieve the need for elderly assistance .
This will result in old age dependency on the younger generation and could affect the productivity of the workforce .
Although some countries implement a retirement savings policy which is compelled by law , this is only a preventive measure to reduce the old age dependency .
Therefore , there is still a need to set aside some funds for the elderly .
Governments should prioritise on problems which require more attention .
They can cut down spending on other areas rather than the funds for the aged .
For example , military spending should be reduced if the country is already enjoying peace and defense stability .
However , the military is deemed so essential that it is the "prerequisite" to all areas of development in the country .
Although the country's defense cannot allow for any complacency , the benefits of investing in a military can only be projected as a contributing factor to the economic growth .
Nevertheless , the aging population problem must not be overlooked by focusing on only the important factors contributing to the country's development .
The aging population can be viewed as part of the country's development and should not be taken lightly .
If governments do not provide enough aid and thus lead to an increase of the severity of the situation , it can indirectly affect the country's development .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be compromised for the country's development .
In  contemporary society , the elderly are well taken care of in many countries .
Some governments even do it "too" well that a large amount of money , which should be spent on other social issues , is wasted .
There should be changes in the policies about this problem .
First of all , there should be a careful consideration about what  governments should pay for .
As for healthcare service , it is not reasonable that the elderly can have free or low-priced treatment for all kinds of sickness .
Instead , it should be limited that everyone mustn't have any priorities when they get treatment for any kinds of illness that are resulted from unhealthy lifestyles .
For instance , the obese patients must pay full-price for their treatment since obesity is the consequence of the lack of exercising in their everyday-lives .
Moreover , governments should only pay for each individual a certain amount of money based on his or her financial position .
That everyone gets the same amount of money is neither fair nor efficacious .
There should be a prudent consideration so that it's worth every penny .
In conclusion , governments should cut off the inefficient amount of money spending on the aged and use it to invest in other aspects of society so that the result is better off not just for the aging problem .
Many developed countries such as Singapore are faced with severe ageing population .
As the number of elderly increases , countries are forced to allocate a larger amount of public spending to take care of their ageing population .
However , this spending should be restricted so that it would not become a restraining factor for the growth of nation .
Thus , I agree that public spending on the age should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development such as economic growth , education and general health of the public .
By limiting public spending on the aged , more money can be devoted to the progress of the economy .
Larger scales of technological investment can take place thus gaining better profit .
This economic growth is important because it allows the country to have the power to improve its citizens' quality of life .
Safe drinking water and proper shelters can be better provided for the population as a result of this additional growth .
Citizens enjoying this better quality of life are less prone to diseases promoting a healthier life .
To add on , the nation will also be able to build more hospitals and enhanced medical services to provide the population including the elderly with better health care .
The elderly of the nation will also be benefiting from this economic growth indirectly  .Caregivers , consisting largely of working adults , will be earning more income in parallel to the nation prosperity .
Furthermore , non-profit organizations dedicated to take care of the elderly are able to obtain donations easier as the members of the public are more able to contribute .
Clearly , economic growth not only affects the population positively but the elderly are also benefiting from it .
With larger financial support given , the education sector can be improved further .
More teachers can be trained to facilitate the learning environment of students .
Additional Universities and specialized schools can be built to enroll more students therefore allowing more citizens to get an education .
Through education , working adults are able to deal with highly complicated equipment that enable them to bring revenue back to the country .
Educating the population not only improve the economy by allowing them to become more efficient , but also allow them to plan for their retirement .
This would reduce their dependency on the government when they are old thus cutting public spending on the age .
Elderly who wish to continue working are able to do so by attend upgrading courses to facilitate them in finding jobs .
Another major area that helps with the country's development is health care .
Taking care of the population health is important as they contribute directly to the country's economic growth .
Workers who are sick would not be able to work .
Increased spending on research and development on the issue of health will allow the country to better take care of its citizens .
Moreover , the country would also be more prepared in case of a pandemic such as the H1N1 virus .
Elderly who are more prone to sickness will benefit from this increase in knowledge of health treatment .
Being advance in health issues , will also contribute to economic growth .
Patients from other countries will come here for these special treatments to cure their illnesses .
The country's expertise can also be sold to other countries too .
However , the mentioned advantages to the elderly are only applicable to the aged who have caregivers and are able to afford health services and education .
Single and poor elderly would not be able to reap the benefits but suffered because of limited public spending by the government on them .
Effective measures to identify these needy elderly are needed to separate them from the wealthier cohort .
Following this , appropriate amount of help is given equally to them so as to fully utilize the limited resources .
In conclusion , the country's development is more important than the aging population as it helps the entire population including the elderly .
The public spending on the aged should be limited as the other domains that would assist the country's developments are beneficial both to the population and the elderly .
The statement puts forward the proposition that the issue of ageing population is not as important compared to other sectors such as social , economical and political progress in a country .
Based on this idea , the government of a country should focus on improving these areas with the limited funds and not on its aged citizens .
In other words , sufficient funding of its aged citizens is not necessary .
This is a dangerous proposition .
I disagree with the notion of cutting public spending on aged to fuel other aspects of a country's development .
Such an act equates to deserting the aged , leaving them to support themselves .
In most cases , they are unable to .
Limiting spending on the aged population could bring about social instability , affecting society infrastructure which greatly affects a country's image in the international community .
We cannot abandon them as ultimately they are still an integral part of our society .
Government should spend much effort on taking care of them by providing financial support .
It would be the most direct means of showing concern for them .
Not doing so would lead to many social problems such as climbing crime rates , street begging and so on .
In October 2003 , a ninety-one year old US citizen J .L Hunter Rountree was convicted of bank robbery in Texas , USA .
In his declaration statement he complained that he had no job , no children to support him and a petty monthly sum from the government simply could not support him .
He had no choice but to resort to bank robbery for survival .
He further confessed that even if he gets jailed , at least then he would not have to worry about meals .
He is just one of the extreme cases driven to desperation from government's inability to take care of the aged , many more suffer the same fate .
Do we really want such case to happen in our country ?
These social problems greatly affects a country's image .
When a country cannot even handle its own problems there is no way it could be given the chance to hold world class events such as Olympics which boosts its international reputation and many other areas .
The rippling effect that arises from the small social issue greatly affects a country's developments on many fronts .
Secondly , cutting funding with particular reference to the aged is undoubtedly seen as out casting the society group .
It portrays a government as practicing discrimination , which is a violation of human rights .
In modern world democracy , infringing on human rights is a grave matter .
Any government would be unwise to openly advocate for policies which discriminates against a particular society group .
Denying responsibility to take care of its less privileged elderly would draw criticisms from both international bodies and its citizens .
It would be deemed political suicide .
Ousting of the political party in ruling is only a matter of time .
What more of other areas of development can the political party talk about when its not the ruling party ?
Lastly , shrinking responsibility to take care of aged citizens will lead to drastic loss of talents in the country .
Citizens would consider migration and foreign talents would be less attracted to migrate into the country .
Knowing the government would not take proper care of them after they retire .
Perhaps in the short term pumping financial resources to areas such as technology and economy may produce expected results .
In the long term , the country will suffer from irreversible losses as progress is made by its people and remaining talents are insufficient to substantiate the growth .
While a country has to focus on many sectors of development and most likely funding for the aged is not a prime concern , its funding should never be limited .
In the coming years , as people live longer with each passing generation , our ageing population will climb steadily .
Eventually becoming a group that's too significant in numbers to ignore .
If a country fails to take care of this significant portion of society , its people would lose confidence in government's ability to handle other topics as well .
Then , all other developments are futile as no amount of progress can replace a government's credibility in its people's heart .
Singapore has severe population aging .
This issue will increase the health care spending and national budgets .
To deal with this problem , there are several policies or development implemented by Singapore's government to help to ease the aging process .
The first measure is MediSave .
Under this scheme , every worker needs to contribute 6 .5 - 9 % (depending on age group) of his monthly salary to his personal MediSave account .
As people grow old , they tend to use more health care products and services .
With this savings ,  elderly people can be protected as they can use this fund to pay for hospitalization , surgery , and other medical expenses .
However , some people might think that if they suffer from those prolonged diseases , it can quickly drain  their MediSave balance .
In this case , they will not be able to pay for their huge medical fees .
To counter this issue , Singapore has come out with MediShield .
This scheme is aiming to help the people who suffer from major or prolonged diseases .
It subsidies the large medical bill needed up to 80% .
Therefore , with these medical schemes , the elderly people's healthcare can be secured .
The second measure is the Maintenance of Parent Act .
This is an act to handle the cases relating to children abandoning their parents in nursing homes .
According to the article from Sunday Times , it is said that more than 400 elderly people have been beneficial from the Maintenance of Parent Act .
Of the 424 applicants , 328 or almost four in five were successfully compelling their children to take care of them .
This statistics show that the elderly people can be protected by the law .
However , some children might think that living with their parents is  a nuisance because they need a lot of care and attention .
The health care spending is also another burden .
If you think in another way round , the parent's contribution to children may not be less than children's contribution to parent .
In addition , one must admit that the hardship of bringing out a child .
The parents need to teach them how to walk , pay for their medical and education fee , and etc .
Anyway , this is about the issue of filial piety .
Therefore , to protect the elderly people , the filial obligation must be stressed .
The last policy is the age-friendly policies which increase the employment of the older worker .
This policy aims to help the older worker to stay employed longer .
According to Xinhua News , Singapore's employment rate for workers aged to 55 to 64 is 57 percent today .
It is believed that it will increase until 65 percent in the next three years .
To deal with such challenge , Singapore's government has implemented many schemes to help  people work longer .
One of the examples is "ADVANTAGE !
Scheme" which has made more than 1 ,200 companies to employ 8 ,800 mature workers , to keep 19 ,300 existing older workers , and recruit more than 5 ,300 older workers .
However , some people might think that elderly people should stop working and enjoy themselves in their old age .
If they do not have sufficient retirement savings , it is very hard to enjoy themselves in their old age .
So , if people can work longer , they will be able to accumulate more savings that they could use to support themselves in their old age .
In addition , they could lessen the burden on their children .
In conclusion , there are three policies or schemes implemented by Singapore's government which are very useful to the elderly people .
They are MediSave , Parent Maintenance Act , and Age-friendly policy .
Overall , to a large extent , current policies or schemes adopted by Singapore's government has eased the aging process in the area of society , medicine , and workforce .
Public spending on the aged should not be limited in order to divert this money to other areas of the country's development .
The reduction of the funds allocated for the elderly might lead to many social issues .
Apart from that , it is morally wrong for the nation not to support their citizens when they are aged .
Last of all , some families may not be able to support their elderly parents due to their low income .
Thus , public funds are essential for the aged to uphold their standard of living .
Certain social issues such as poor quality of life and insufficient funds for basic healthcare may arise from limited funding .
In general , most of the aged in Singapore are economically inactive and have a lot of free time on their hands .
In order to prevent them from turning to vices such as gambling and drinking , organizing more activities at various community centres are required for them to lead healthy social lives .
As these activities require government funding , limiting spending on the aged will make organizing these activities impossible .
Aside from social life , having basic healthcare is vital for the aged .
When people get older , it is only natural that they are more prone to illness be it mental or physical .
At present , healthcare is dreadfully expensive and the aged may not be able to afford proper treatment should they fall ill .
Thus , if the government limits spending and does not subsidize the costs of these treatments , the financial burden on the elderly will be even greater .
Some may argue that it will be more beneficial to the country's economic growth , if the funds are diverted be used on economic development such as better infrastructure .
Nevertheless , limitation of public spending on the elderly might lead to many unhappy voices from the citizens as they might think that the government is not taking care of the aged population's welfare when they are unable to contribute to the economy .
It might then adversely affect the economy of the country as the citizens may not be willing to work for the country for fear of being abandoned by the nation once they are economically inactive .
So even if the funds are allocated to other areas of economic development , with the low morale and faith of the citizens , the fund may not be well utilized .
As we belong to a country influenced by strong Asian culture and beliefs , the country should uphold the moral value of filial piety .
The elderly have been working hard as nation builders for the country throughout their lives and it is only right for us to repay them for their effort .
Although it might seem like they are reaping the rewards of the current workforce , the workforce should never forget who brought them so far .
It is true that some of the families are able to afford to support their elderly parents and it should be their responsibility to bear the expenses of their aged family members instead of the government .
Nevertheless , there are some low income families who face high costs of living and cannot support both their children and elderly parents .
Hence , there should be distribution of public funds to the elderly parents of these families .
On top of that , there are elderly who have no children , so if their financial conditions are unstable , they should  be given the necessary funds to make ends meet .
In retrospect , in order to maintain a healthy social life for the elderly and lessen the burden of their families , sufficient funding should be allocated .
Therefore , considering all the various negative impacts in terms of social , economic and cultural factors on the society , I feel that public spending on the aged should not be limited and diverted to use in other areas of the country's development .
Referencing
Peter G . Peterson .
(2001) .
A Graying World .
Harvard International Review , 23 .
3(Fall 2001): 66 .
Robert B . Friedland and Laura Summer .
(March 2005) .
Demography Is Not Destiny , Revisited .
Center on Aging Society , Georgetown University
I agree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
This is because excessive public spending on the aged can hamper the country's development in other areas such as education , research and investments .
If the aged have children , the children should also be responsible for their parents' well-being in the first place .
Firstly , as a country usually allocates its budget to various areas , any increase in spending on a particular area will mean reduced spending on other areas .
For example , if a country decides to increase spending on the aged , a smaller budget may be allocated for education , research and investment purposes .
Reduced spending on education can mean fewer educators and lowered standards of teaching , reduced spending on research can mean fewer incentives for researchers and for their research work and reduced spending on investments may mean less cooperation with international bodies .
Thus , a country's budget cannot be adjusted without much consideration and thought or  it can cause instabilities to the supporting pillars of the country .
Thirdly , if the aged have children , the children should also be responsible for their parents' well-being .
Having the children support their own parents will mean less dependency on the government .
Some children choose not to support their parents even though they can afford to do so , usually claiming that they need the money on other necessities and luxuries .
The government can start policies to make it compulsory for children to provide for their parents with the basic necessities such as housing and allowance .
Although such policies can reduce the people's dependency on the government , it may not be practical for some .
This is because some children may already have problems supporting themselves or even a new family which they started , so they may want to support their parents but are practically unable to do so .
Nevertheless , the government can be flexible with the policy such that if the children have financial difficulties they can then seek aid from them .
Clearly , as a country's aging population grows larger , the need for more spending on the aged will also grow .
But the increasing spending should be limited such that it does not hamper the country's development and stability .
Policies can be put in place to help the people themselves save up for their later years .
The dependency on the government can also be reduced by requiring the children to support their own parents when possible .
In recent years , many developed countries have been facing problems related to aging population , especially pressures on social support systems .
In view of the  dramatic increase in national budget spent on the aged , some people suppose that the government should limit its expenditure on the aged so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
However , from my perspective , I unhesitantly take issue with the above idea and believe that elderly people deserve public support policies , instead of boundaries on healthcare and welfare schemes .
One of the primary reasons why the government  should not set limits on public spending on older people is the aim to create a higher quality of live for almost everyone .
A society is developed  only if its citizens satisfy the minimum requirements of health , happiness , safety , prosperity , and fortunes .
And obviously , those of old age should also be provided services such as healthcare , insurance , housing . . .Thus , there is no reason for the government to eliminate its expenditure on this area while many people's lives can be improved thanks to the support .
Another factor that policy makers should consider before deciding to set boundaries on public spending on the aged is issues related to moral standards whose decline has been witnessed in recent years in many countries .
From this angle , public support policies for elderly people will make young generations change their attitude toward older people .
Improved healthcare services , subsidies . . . not only aid the aged in poor financial situations or make their health better but also are the ways people express their respect to the older , which has positive impact on enhancing younger people's treatment .
Last but not least , most elderly people after all have contributed to the development of the country during their young age through productive services as well as taxes .
Therefore , limiting public spending on them is irrational .
They deserve more support policies .
The government should not consider the rising expenditure related to programs to support a growing elderly population without mentioning their contribution in the past .
When taking into account  all the above factors , I can safely conclude that public spending on the aged should not be  limited  even though the amount of money can be used to invest on some areas like education , infrastructure and development projects .
Policy makers should find another solution to reduce the rising cost of healthcare or welfare schemes to maximize the benefits of both citizens and the nation .
Have current research and development helped to ease the aging process ?
As a man ages , his efficiency in both physical and mental capabilities decreases , causing many difficulties he would not have faced during his younger years .
Through current research and development , some of those problems have been eased significantly , providing a better aging experience .
In this essay , we will discuss how current research and development has helped to ease some of the issues raised by immobility , health conditions and resource management that the aged face .
Falls are one of the biggest issues caused by lowered mobility in the aged .
While individual efforts can be done to prevent falls , many of the aged are not aware of such prevention measures or they are unable to seek help if they fall despite of such efforts  .An article published by the American Academy of Family Physicians in April 2000 reported that falls caused 70 percent of accidental deaths in people aged 75 years and above .
Falls had also caused more than 90 percent of hip fractures in people aged 70 and above .
In order to address this issue , research in the wireless technology had developed a reporting solution to facilitate fall management .
A motion sensor and pager is installed in a watch and data will be sent to the database periodically .
Information which is collected includes location and motion level of the users .
Alerts can then be sent to family members who are not at home if the user is not within a designated area or haveexperienced a falling motion .
Heart diseases are frequently accompanied with old age .
Acute Coronary Syndromes (ACS) or the commonly known "heart attacks" become frequent with advancing age .
A journal published by American Heart Association in year 2003 had cited 85 percent mortality rate by ACS is of patients aged 65 years old and above .
Heart attacks can be prevented if ACS is recognised but it is not the case unless the patient and the physician are both aware of the symptoms that surfaced .
In most situations a heart attack strikes at least expected times and in most occurrences , immediate medical attention is critical to the survivability of the patient .
Arrhythmia , which is the alterations in the heartbeat , has an increased chance to surface in an aged patient who survived a heart attack .
Medical advancements such as cardiac catheterization (the opening of an occluded artery through a balloon technique) , pacemaker (a defibrillator implanted in the patient's heart to allow the heart to beat at normal pace) helps to ease some of the health conditions that are associated with old age .
A growing number of families have faced a common problem in elderly care and that is resource management .
Resource management may comprise  physical monitoring and medical records management .
Due to time constraints , some of the families employ services from nursing home or private nurses as they are unable to take care of their sick elderly .
However , not all services provided are trustworthy and satisfactory .
A news article by Telegram & Gazette (Worcester , MA) in 2007 featured  a lady who had not been properly taken care of , after the engagement of nursing services .
Research and development in Information Technology allowed resource management to be simplified .
A good example is the conversion of current medical records to technological solutions .
The majority of the solutions are designed to send reminders , the medical conditions or medical schedules to its users .
These solutions greatly reduce the need for physical presences of family members because the manual tasks are now automated .
Research and development has created many convenient and simpler methodologies to help ease the aging process .
If research and development ceased  to exist , it would be much harder to take care of the elderly as the world's aging population is expected to increase from now till 2050 .
Most developed countries are now confronted with more rapid aging in their population than the past .
As such , many countries  have started research , new development and policies to help to ease the aging process .
I agree to a great extent that such research , new development and policies will help to ease the aging process and also prepare the country with their aging population .
Countries are able to use new policy of encouraging employment of the elderly , increasing the awareness of filial obligation or creating new development of infrastructures that cater to the elderly in their country .
Firstly , countries can help to ease the aging process by implementing a  new policy  of encouraging employment of the elderly .
The government can help to achieve this by increasing the retirement age , creating more benefits and lowering barriers to employment of the elderly .
This measure will help to ease the burden of the younger generation , allow the healthy elderly to still contribute to the society and at the same time help to generate more wealth for the elderly which they can use for themselves .
Japan is one good example that uses this measure successfully .
Although the retirement age is legislated at 60 , the government of Japan encourages the elderly to continue to work up the age of 65 .
To help support the employers , the government provides grants and subsidies to the employers who employ the older workers .
Although some are prejudiced towards older workers due to their work efficiency and high salary cost , there are more benefits of employing them .
The older workers are more trustworthy , conscientious and dependable .
Other attributes include punctuality , lower absenteeism and less concern about monetary returns .
Therefore , implementing the new policy of encouraging employment of the elderly will help both economically and socially for countries with aging population .
Secondly , countries can increase the awareness of the filial obligation of its people .
It is the duty of the younger generations to display more filial piety towards their aged parents as they are the ones who took care of us during our growing up days .
They provided us with unconditional love and even paid for all our living expenses .
A society in which the children will take care of their parents will help to ease the government spending on the aging and divert the spending on other areas of the country .
In the Asian culture and belief , it is the responsibility of the children to take care of their parents when they are financially stable .
In Asian countries such as Japan and South Korea , most of the elderly still live with their adult children and can even help to cook , do house work and take care of the grandchildren .
However , contrary to the beliefs in Asian society , it is viewed as "not cool" in the western society to be living with your elderly parents when you grow up .
Living with their elderly parents will not just limit their social life , but also causes their freedom to be taken away .
Personally , I feel that this is a very selfish act .
The adult children should take this as a responsibility of their life and do it with pride .
After all , it is their parents who took care of them when they were young .
So , increasing the awareness of filial obligation will result in more children taking care of their elderly parents and help to ease the country's aging process .
Lastly , countries can ease the aging process by building new development of infrastructure in the country .
To prepare for  the growing demands of an aging population , countries can build special infrastructure , such as hospitals or apartments to cater  to the elderly .
This way , specialized and better care can be provided for the elderly .
An example will be Singapore , where the  government is building new infrastructure to prepare for  the growing demands of an aging population .
Singapore is building new community hospitals as well as linking up acute hospitals with community hospitals .
This way , patients can receive treatment at the acute hospital and then recuperate at the community ones .
Also , special apartments called studio apartments are being built for the elderly .
On the other hand , some may argue that the public spending on the aged should be diverted into other areas of the country's development .
Diverting the public spending into other areas of the country's development will cause the aging population problems to increase and hence also increases the burden of the younger generation .
As such , the public spending on building new infrastructure for the aging population should be encouraged so as to prepare countries for their aging population and ease their aging process .
In conclusion , current research , development and policy have helped to ease the aging process and prepare a country in facing the demand of an aging population .
By creating the policy of encouraging employment for the elderly , the elderly in the society will be more independent and able to support themselves .
Increasing the awareness of filial obligation will result in more adult children living with and taking care of their elderly parents .
Finally , building new  infrastructure that caters to the elderly will help a country prepare for the aging population .
In many countries , the proportion of older people is steadily increasing .
It has been shown that the world is facing the aging problem .
The growing number of older people has caused the attention of many people and countries , and it has caused many problems to the society .
So far there are many countries that have  come up with many strategies to deal with the problem .
Although we cannot solve the problem in the short run , we can ease the problem in many ways .
To a large extent , current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process .
However , we should still go on to ease the problem .
The growing number of aged people  has brought with it many problems including greater pension pressure , increasing medical expenses , and the heavy burden of nursing care for the elderly and so on .
It can slow down the productivity of the society .
It also gives more burdens on young people .
It also discourages the young people from working hard because they think they can depend on the society when they are old .
It also has great impact on health-care .
For governments , there are generally two ways to deal with the problem .
One is to reduce the future old-age dependency burden by increasing available resources , which means to increase the size and productivity of tomorrow's working-age population .
One is to rethink the private attitudes and public policies that now equate old age with a loss of health which somehow entitles the elderly to government spending .
We should do  both  to  deal with aging problem by making aging both more secure for older generations and less burdensome for younger generations .
The policy makers have found out many ways to ease the problem .
For example , the the government encourages old people to continue to work , and government encourages people to save for their old-age , and encourages young people to produce more and so on .
These policies have indeed eased the aging problem .
Without these policies , the government may increase spending on the old people or the young people will be more burdened .
For the young people themselves , they should work hard for their old-age and save to prepare for the old-age .
In this way , it can reduce the burden of the next generation and reduce the spending of the government .
Also , it can encourage people to work hard and help to increase productivity .
For example , Singapore encourages people to save for their old-age .
In the past , the old people just depend on their next generations .
This can make the old people not secure if they have no children or their children are poor .
Thus , the people can secure themselves when they are old in this way .
For the society , it can support the old people by building charity .
There are many charity funds in the society to help old people .
It can ease the aging problem without giving burden on the government and poor people .
Furthermore , it can help to distribute the property and decrease the gap between the rich and the poor .
However , some developed countries have high healthcare costs and thus aging may still impose an economic burden .
It is important to set appropriate limits on healthcare .
To do this , we should know what "health" means for an aging population .
Thus the government should decide on what is essential and should therefore be supported by the public sector , and what should be left to individuals .
Besides , different countries have different policies for their own .
Every country has its own features .
Thus one should not copy the so called paradigm of developed countries .
The developing countries may not have enough capacity to deal with the problem because they have not enough money .
The developed countries can also help developing countries to ease aging problem as it is a global problem .
Some countries deal with the aging problem by encouraging young people to have more babies .
It is a good way to ease the problem for the countries having small population .
However , it does not always work in other countries having big population like China .
To a large extent , governments , society , and young people should do something for the aging problem .
We can ease the aging problem from different angles .
So far current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process .
However , we should keep calm and continue to deal with the problem .
It is a well known fact that the proportion of the elderly in every developed nation's population is on a rapid rise , thanks to increased usage of birth controls and past government policies .
Along with this phenomenon comes a wide range of problems such as social problems and ethical issues .
Inevitably , governments must intervene in order to curb this ageing population problem .
However , governments' intervention often meant huge spending on medical resources and infrastructure for the elderly , which created many other economic problems such as hindrance to the nation's economic progress .
Hence I agree that public spending on the aged should be reduced so that the government can use the available funds on other sectors of the society .
Reducing funding on the elderly means that the government has more capital to spend on improving their economy .
The funds could go to many different types of industries for research and development purposes .
The money could also go into building cost-saving infrastructures , hence attracting more businesses to the country .
When the economy improves , almost everyone , from the individual consumer to large multi-national companies , in the society will be able to benefit , as opposed to spending on just the elderly where only one group of people will really benefit from the funding .
For example , Singapore government spent a lot of resources to build Jurong Industrial Park so as to enhance its competitiveness in the global market , resulting in rapid increase in economic growth .
Hence governments should focus more of their resources into improving their economy , rather than spending so much of their funds on the aged .
On the other hand , critics of this notion have argued that with reduced government spending , less educated old folks and those who did not save enough would be at a severe disadvantage as compared to the rest of the population .
The government funds would not reach them at all .
These less competitive elderly people would be cut off from any benefits of economic growth .
However , this situation might not be necessarily true because if governments focus more of their funds onto the economic sector , the increase in capital as a result of rapid economic growth allows governments to create social programs for these more disadvantaged elderly people .
In the end , the main idea is that with more funds from the economic growth , governments can do so much more to help these elderly people .
Governments can also use their funds on the education sector .
Since a  large amount  of money is needed to support an ageing population , governments have to increase their own existing pool of resources in order to generate such amount of capital .
One such method is increased focus on education .
The governments could spend more on education , resulting in much better education institutions offering higher-quality education to the people .
The aged workers would benefit as well because governments could introduce educational campaigns that help subsidise skills upgrading for the elderly workers .
The population on the whole would become more skilled and hence increase their competitiveness in the global market .
The country would be able to compete more effectively on a global scale .
In contrast , aged workers , due to less governments' funding , might become even more dependent on their children .
In the end , it is still very taxing on the working population , who now not only have to support themselves and their children , but also their parents as well .
However , it can be argued that after all it is the children's responsibility to take care of their parents .
This belief is especially true in Asian countries .
Hence , governments should encourage their normal working population to bear the responsibility for taking care of their elderly parents , through social awareness campaigns .
In this way , economic growth will not be hindered and at the same time , the issue of ageing population is handled in an appropriate and ethical manner .
In conclusion , government spending is important for all sectors of the country's development .
However , there are limits on how much they can spend on each area .
Furthermore , new challenges and problems will arise in the future; hence because of these two reasons , I feel that the government should not be too focused on the ageing population issue as there might be other more urgent issues that require their immediate attention in the future .
Personally , I do agree that spending on the aged should be limited so that more money can be channelled to other areas of the country's development .
Instead of priming the spending on the aged as one of the key focus on our annual budgeting regularly , I strongly feel that the Singapore government should redefine its focus and divert its focus to other key areas such as military , urban development and education spending .
Firstly , military spending is of paramount importance to all sovereign countries like Singapore .
The adequate spending on the military aspect not only conveys a strong deterrence message to our potential aggressors , but will also instill confidence into our business partners .
The confidence that Singapore is well protected militarily ensures their continual long term presence and active involvement in shaping the country's financial establishments .
In addition , many more foreign investors may be attracted to this safe haven with the aim of expanding their dynamic business empire .
Evidently , we can see how well it is to diversify our spending , rather than just allocating a lion's share to cope with the aging problem solely .
In conclusion , we can see vividly how important it is to diversify our spending into military , urban development and education purposes , instead of just placing our top most priority on spending on the aged at the centre of the radar .
As long as their health and well being are taken care of , our priorities should be channelled to spending on other more relevant and crucial areas like military , urban development and education purposes .
As a result , this does not only aid in the nation's continual progress , but will also enable us to create a competitive edge over our neighbouring countries and also build a strong presence in the financial sector in this region .
Every country has its own strategies in development depending on its current situation .
Nowadays , as the world population is gradually aging , the governments start to adopt a new policy on  public spending .
Some people believe that "Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the the country's development ."
To some extent , I agree that we  spend more money on education and environment since investing in country's development is also a way to invest for the elderly .
First of all , education should take a higher priority than life for the elderly as investing in education is the inevitable preparation for the next generation .
For example , many European countries such as Denmark , Sweden and Cyprus allocate nearly 7% of their GDP for public investment in education .
That money goes to modernization of schools and universities , and helps to train students better , to make them talented scientists or skillful workers .
As a result , this public investment enhances the  intellectual standards of its people , and that leads to an increase in economics as people work more efficiently with knowledge .
Consequently , the government will have more money to provide better services of the elderly care .
After all , not only the young but the old people will also benefit from the investment in education .
Second , the government should also divert the money into the environment .
Recently there have been so many symposiums talking about the earth , the climate change , etc .
Just those conferences can show us how important the environment is .
As a matter of fact , spending money for environmental improvement really brings global benefits .
For example , this could help us to preserve many beautiful natural scenes , which attract many people and thus stimulate the country's tourism .
Moreover , living in a clean and fresh environment is better for everyone's health , including the elderly .
According to a recent study done by the U .S National Institutes of Health (NIH) , environmental factors , as well as the genetic factor , contribute to the longevity and ability of avoiding severe diseases that come along with aging , such as cancer , stroke or high - pressure .
Therefore , green funds can actually offer good returns for everybody .
However , although investing for development will bring good things for the country , we should not spend 100% of the money for it .
In other words ,  we need a policy so that money can be disbursed appropriately .
Firstly , investment for the elderly is an issue of morality .
People spend their whole life working and contributing to the future of their country , so after retirement , it is time for them to rest , and elderly care is somehow the requital for what they have done for the society .
Furthermore , as the young see that the government pays good attention to the elderly , which they will become , they will know that their future is well-secured .
Correspondingly , people will work harder , and there is no doubt that the country will thrive by leaps .
In conclusion , caring about the country's future development is good , but we should never forget about the past , the people who are now not capable of supporting their own lives .
It is much better to have a suitable and balanced money distribution of public investment between elderly care and other aspects .
Population aging generally refers to the increase in the percentage of elderly people in a country .
According to the latest statistics reports , the current number of elderly people is increasing constantly at 8 million per year globally .
Due to this situation , many countries have made huge amount of public spending on the aged in order to ease the various problems that came along with it .
However , I believe that instead of focusing so much on the aging issue , it is sometimes wiser for the government to divert the money to other areas of country's development  , which include education and military .
Another reason why people support the idea of  spending on the elderly people is  that it's a natural process for everyone to age .
Therefore , taking good care of the elderly people also means securing a better future for ourselves .
However , all of them have glossed over the fact that this can only be done when we are assured of the security and safety of the whole nation in the first place .
One can imagine living in a country like Sri Lanka where people live in fear everyday because of  the never ending wars between the local army and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam .
How is it possible to look after the aged when the whole nation's security is at risk ?
It is apparent that we should not compromise on the  military spending  in our pursuit of  a harmonious and stable society  .
This is also the reason why more and more countries are increasing their military spending .
In 2008 , the global military expenditure rose by 4 percent to a record of $1 .4 trillion .
Therefore , it is clear that  military development should be ranked at a higher priority when compared to  spending on the aged .
However , this does not mean that we should forgo any spending on the elderly people  .
Being the ones who have served the community over so many years , the elderly must be provided for .
Many countries like US have set aside a large sum of money to ensure the welfare of elderly people annually .
Different healthcare policies are also implemented in different countries to allow the old people to enjoy free medical services .
All of these are done as a recognition of what they have contributed to the society for the years .
In conclusion , although it is indeed necessary for the government to take care of the elderly people  , there are many other areas of development that should be looked into   , such as education and military .
Without  these developments , there's no way we can ensure that the welfare of the graying generations will be met .
Critics of my position say that public spending on the aged should not be limited because we need to take into account what the aged have done .
However , unlimited public spending on the aged could encourage the elderly to be less self-sufficient or more dependent .
If the government keeps giving the elderly money without any limit , there's a possibility that the elderly would stop to work and  depend on the government for living  .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be maintained  to prevent the elderly from becoming less independent .
To sum up , even though the aging issue is quite difficult to handle ,  public spending for the elderly should have a certain limitation .
Therefore , the elderly will be  encouraged to be independent and self sufficient .
Other than that , some of the public spending should be allocated for education  purposes  and  military  defense .
The global aging issue has aroused public attention around the world .
Research shows that "The number of persons above 60 years or over is likely to triple , increasing from 673 million in 2005 to 2 billion by 2050" (citation) .
Everybody will get old eventually and when we grow older ,  we may suffer from some organ  or mental decline .
Some illnesses , such as vision loss , hearing loss and senile dementia , often make the elderly feel frustrated , isolated and lonely .
However ,  technology   has helped us to slow down these aging processes  in many creative ways .
6 . http://www .guardian .co .uk/technology/2006/mar/07/nintendods .games "Designed by a prominent neuroscientist , Brain Training for Adults , a package of cerebral workouts aimed at the over-45s by the Japanese game console and software maker Nintendo , is said to improve mental agility and even slow the onset of dementia and Alzheimer's disease ."
7 . http://www .amazon .com/Accenda-Surfboard-Interactive-Universal- Control/dp/B0002J1NX2
Technology can help the elderly with their hearing problem as well .
Hearing loss is probably another common disease which can be found among the elderly .
Reasons that led to hearing loss vary; they could be "birth-related" , or because of infections , injuries , and being exposed  frequently to loud noises for a long period of time .
Once an old person catches such diseases , or her life would turn out to be very inconvenient .
However , engineers can create diverse tools using technologies to  help the old in their daily lives .
One significant problem occurs when they need to make a phone call  .
In fact , some research show that many old people with hearing difficulties do not use the phone at all because they are not able to hear  clearly .
Thus , companies such as "Clarity" , implemented the "Ameriphone amplified cordless phone" .
Its most important feature is to make " sounds much louder , clearer and easier to understand" (citation) .
These amplifier attachments in the telephones also allow users to adjust the volume according to their needs .
Other common techniques used to alert the users are vibration and flash-lights .
"Bed Shaker" and "Doorbell Signaler" are probably two of the most useful devices using the technique mentioned above .
A bed shaker can be designed to work with the telephone to provide alert  .
It can be placed not only under the pillow , but also under the cushion; and  it can  be portable .
Elizabeth A .Smith who is 75-year-old and deaf in one ear said that the "Bed Shaker" had provided a lot of  convenience to her as she is  a deep sleeper .
A "Doorbell Signaler" uses sound and light system to alert the user when there is a visitor .
It can be installed at any location in the house ,  so that  old people can see it easily .
Reference
1 . http://www .spacedaily .com/reports/The_Global_Aging_Problem_999 .html Paragraph 4 , "The number of persons 60 years or over 'is expected almost to triple , increasing from 673 million in 2005 to 2 billion by 2050 ,'"
2 . http://agingresearch .buffalo .edu/ceu/module_4/part_2a .htm "It is important to know there are changes that occur to the eye as we age , but vision loss is not a normal part of aging .
Visual disorders and diseases increase dramatically as we age ."
3 . http://agingresearch .buffalo .edu/ceu/module_5/part_1d .htm#1
4 . http://www .time .com/time/health/article/0 ,8599 ,1909852 ,00 .html
5 . http://www .guardian .co .uk/technology/2006/mar/07/nintendods .games "it is the secret to a happy and healthy old age as millions of them take up brain training , the country's latest computer game craze that is due to arrive in Britain by the summer ."
Technology can provide a means for the elderly to have a more enjoyable life .
Their free time can be better spent in a  meaningful way .
Firstly , technology introduces a wider variety of entertainment for the elderly to choose from .
Due to the booming of the media and gaming industry , many sophisticated technological inventions are penetrating the market and becoming more affordable and ubiquitous .
This is unlike the 1970s when old people normally led a monotonous life  , such as  listening to the radio or reading the newspapers to kill their  time .
Today , with many technological inventions such as television , gaming consoles , and karaoke becoming widely available , the elderly have a wider range of options for entertainment .
Moreover , they are more willing to spend money on these devices because they  attract their  relatives to visit them  .
In fact , this makes the home livelier and merrier .
Secondly , the elderly can now expand their social networks beyond the neighborhood by means of using the internet , which is a fruit of technology  .
They are no more confined to the  area around their houses  , but are able to venture into the outside world .
In America , statistics (citation) has indicated that 45% of the senior citizens aged 70-75 are now online , meaning that the internet has become a channel for the elderly to connect to the outside world .
In addition , they enjoy mixing with other people  , especially with the youngsters via virtual communities such as facebook , flikr , and Del .icio .us .
Therefore , their lives will not be boring  because they can make friends on the internet .
The advancement of  technology also enables the elderly to be more independent and  perform activities that they like .
This is unlike the past when they are considered a burden to the family because of  the considerable amount of effort  needed to look after them .
Firstly , with the aid of technology , senior citizens can enjoy more mobility  , and they can go wherever they like  .
They are no longer confined in the house by their family  , who may want to ensure their safety .
With a handheld device like a mobile phone with the integrated Global Positioning System(GPS) feature , they are less likely to get lost in the cities  .
There are cars designed for  the wheelchair-bound or those with difficulty walking , like the Toyota Motor Corp .'s Welcab series .
Secondly , the elderly can look after themselves or even take care of the household chores .
This is because they are aided by artificial intelligence or technological innovations .
In Japan , where 22 percent of its population are aged 65 and older ,  a care-technology market has emerged and it is worth $1 .08 billion in 2006(citation) .
One  example is the "muscle suits" developed by the Tokyo University of Science , which keeps the elderly active by providing support for the upper body , arms , and shoulders .
This eliminates the needs for maids or family members to look after the elderly and monitor their every single movement , which in turn spare some dignity for the elderly .
Clearly , the aging process can be eased by current research and development .
Negative effects of aging can be diminished to  a large extent with the help of  science and technology .
It is possible that in  future , aging effects can be diminished to so low a level that the elderly could enjoy healthy and fulfilling lives into their twilight years , without being a heavy burden on their children and grandchildren .
Nowadays , many countries are facing  the problem of a fast aging population .
As a result , public spending on the aged will increase and eat into the spending of other areas of a country's development .
However this does not solve the aging issue in the long runand in fact it will hinder the progress of a country .
Therefore  , for a developed or developing country , public spending on the aged should be limited , and diverted to other areas of development  .
Another important area would be the environment .
Earth's average temperature has increased dramatically over the past few years and this results in an increase in the public's awareness awareness of global warning  .
Building a greener environment to protect our planet becomes the objective of many countires .
In the long run , it will not only benefit the current population but also the future one .
For  example , Iceland has replaced its energy sources from coal and oil to geothermal and hydropower for decades .
This has helped to eliminate the amount of greenhouse gas emission and hence reduced air pollution to the environment .
As a result ,  their citizens are able to enjoy fresher air , which means that they will be healthier at  old age .
The last area that this essay is going to cover is the military development of a country .
With increasing terrorist activities around the globe , the ability to keep a country safe and stable has become an important issue .
Without security there can be no economic development .
Conversely , stability and security will be jeopardised without economic development .
By achieving security and economic stability ,  a country will be able to exist .
For  example , Singapore has always believed that National Service is important in keeping the country safe .
It  protects our country from external threats and  brings foreign investment into our country .
Only then will Singapore be the safe for everyone to live in .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged will only benefit a minor group of people and slows down the country's progression .
Therefore , in order to benefit everyone in the country  , there is a need to divert the money into other areas for the country's development .
A report from the United Nations predicts that there will be an increase in the proportion people over 60 years old from 10 per cent in 2000 to 21 per cent in 2050 .
Accompanied by the decline in the proportion of the young , by 2050 , the number of older persons in the world will exceed the number of young for the first time in history by 2050 (author , year) .
This trend  is largely irreversible and is presenting countries with  opportunities and challenges .
Every country needs  Fortunately , many advanced policies and technologies are now helping the elderly to  ease the aging process and to become a useful workforce for society .
Many economic schemes are being implemented to help the elderly deal with financial problems .
The increasing  population of the elderlyhas a significant impact on economic growth , investment and consumption .
However , many countries are on the right track in dealing with the problem  , by adopting some schemes like pension plans  .
For example , almost all the old people in Canada are receiving income from Canada's public pensions--- the Canada Pension Plan (CPP) and Old Age Security (OAS) .
Together , the CPP and OAS provide a modest base upon which Canadians can build their retirement income (author , year) .
Another example is  Great Britain's new strategy , "Building A Society For All Ages" which  extended the retirement age to beyond 65 .
Minister for Pensions and the Ageing Society Angela Eagle said that this new policy will help  old people to save enough money for their retirement (author , year) .
This policy will give  older people a chance to work longer and contribute to the society .
There is an observation made by Morrow Bourne: "Age is a prison from which we cannot escape" .
Indeed , aging is a natural process that everyone will experience  .
Due to the effects of aging , some  people may suffer from  .
As people are a country's most precious resource , the government should help its people when they are suffering from ageing problems .
In recent decades , many countries have invested a certain amount of money in areas such as science and technology , to develop new products such as  iShoe  and big button TV remote control that would help the elderly .
I certainly agree that these developments have greatly helped to ease the aging process .
With the help of technology , scientists have created an intelligent system that helped the elderly to remember everyday tasks (An Intelligent System Helps Elderly Or Memory-impaired To Remember Everyday Tasks , 2009) .
"Research has shown that aging may affect memory ,  changing the way the brain stores information and  making it harder to recall stored information"  (Memory Loss With Aging) .
Consequently , older people will forget things more easily .
For instance , some of the elderly may be unable to recall some  daily activities such as taking medicine , bringinalong with them their cell phones or keys when they are leaving the house .
to solve these problems , a team of researchers have created a system that  ususes  sensors to identify human actions and  mobile devices to remind the elderly to perform daily activities (An Intelligent System Helps Elderly Or Memory-impaired To Remember Everyday Tasks , 2009) .
As a result , they are able to carry out their everyday tasks as usual .
Tek Partner , has invented a big button TV remote control to help elderly who have visual problems (Aging and Technology Research , 2005) .
Research has shown that  older people will experience some common visual problems such as tearing , floaters and glare (Aging and Technology Research , 2005) .
Consequently , they are unable to focus and see objects clearly .
With  large size of buttons , older people are able to see and operate the control without any help  .
To conclude , science and technology have help in developing products  to ease the aging process .
For instance , the intelligent system is invented to help the elderly to remember their daily tasks .
This is because as people get older , they will forget things more frequently .
Therefore , they need a system to remind them to perform certain activities .
iShoe , is another product that is developed using science and technology to prevent the elderly from falling down .
It helps to monitor human movements and provides a warning if any balancing problem is found .
As a result , the elderly can improve their balance by approaching the balancing specialist earlier .
Lastly , a big button TV remote control is created to help seniors who are unable to see certain images clearly .
With the help from the control , they are able to operate the television , VCD and DVD player independently .
In conclusion , the elderly are able to lead a better life with the help of all these products .
Bbliography
BIBLIOGRAPHY Aging and Technology Research .
(2005) .
Retrieved from http://agingresearch .buffalo .edu/ceu/module_4/part_3c .htm Aging and Technology Research .
(2005) .
Retrieved from http://agingresearch .buffalo .edu/ceu/module_4/part_2a .htm
An Intelligent System Helps Elderly Or Memory-impaired To Remember Everyday Tasks .
(2009 , August 30) .
Retrieved from http://www .sciencedaily .com/releases/2009/08/090827101219 .htm
HO , D . (2008 , August 31) .
NASA tech may help prevent elderly falls .
Retrieved from http://www .palmbeachpost .com/business/content/business/epaper/2008/08/31/sunbiz_ishoe_0831 .html
Memory Loss With Aging .
(n .d .) .
Retrieved from http://familydoctor .org/online/famdocen/home/seniors/common-older/124 .html
Improvements in the architecture of the external environment are essential in boosting  the physical and mental development  of  the elderly .
Elderly who are prone to illnesses need sensory stimulation and exercises to maximize their mobility .
A study has shown that outdoor parks and regular exercises have therapeutic effects on the elderly in improving their health and wellness , as well as  increasing their muscle strength and stimulating  their spiritual developments .
Within housing estates , elderly wellness stations and community gardens are built under the MUP (Main Upgrading Program) to promote healthy living among elderly residents .
There is a wide variety of exercise equipment at the elderly wellness station and pebble walks are also available .
Since elderly have brittle bones , more resting areas with lower benches have also been built to cater to their needs .
These  recreational outdoor facilities are being built extensively to create a better living environment  for the ageing population .
"Old age isn't so bad when you consider the alternative" , said Maurice Chevalier (citation) .
Indeed ,  we are actively implementing various architectural developments and policies  to meet the special needs of the aged .
To raise awareness of the importance of "shaping a safe , sustainable and friendly environment" (citation) for people of all ages , a BCA Universal Design Award was introduced in  2007 to promote barrier-free accessibility in our environment .
With these improvements , we are one step closer in building a totally barrier-free healthy environment where the elderly can travel around freely and safely in absolute comforts .
According to the U .S . Census Bureau  , the average rate of people turning 65 years old in 2000 was 795 ,000 each month .
In 2008 , the figure increased to an average of 870 ,000 monthly .
This rate has increased by 9% in just a short period of 8 years and is expected to rise at a higher rate as the first group of baby boomers who were born between 1946 to 1966 moved into the category of elderly in two years' time .
As humans age , their five senses deteriorate gradually .
Among the five senses , the  common deterioration  are those of vision  and hearing  .
Hence , recent technological inventions ,  such as assistive technologies for sight or hearing can in fact ease the elderly in their aging process , making their aging symptoms more manageable .
5 Tomita M . R . (2006) .
Module IV: Sensory:Vision and Taste/Smell .
Unpublished manuscript , School of Public Health and Health Professions , The State University of New York , New York , United States of America .
Retrieved from http://agingresearch .buffalo .edu/ceu/module_4/part_2b .htm#1
6 Bellis M . (2009) .
History of optics .
Wikipedia .
Retrieved (2009 , September 14) from http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/History_of_optics#Lenses_and_lensmaking
7 Tomita M . R . (2006) .
Module IV: Sensory:Vision and Taste/Smell .
Unpublished manuscript , School of Public Health and Health Professions , The State University of New York , New York , United States of America .
Retrieved from http://agingresearch .buffalo .edu/ceu/module_4/part_3b .htm#1
8 Tomita M . R . (2006) .
Module IV: Sensory:Vision and Taste/Smell .
Unpublished manuscript , School of Public Health and Health Professions , The State University of New York , New York , United States of America .
Retrieved from http://agingresearch .buffalo .edu/ceu/module_4/part_3h .htm#2
9 Tomita M . R . (2006) .
Module V: Sensory: Hearing and Touch/Dexterity .
Unpublished manuscript , School of Public Health and Health Professions , The State University of New York , New York , United States of America .
Retrieved from http://agingresearch .buffalo .edu/ceu/module_5/part_1b .htm#a
10 Tomita M . R . (2006) .
Module V: Sensory: Hearing and Touch/Dexterity .
Unpublished manuscript , School of Public Health and Health Professions , The State University of New York , New York , United States of America .
Retrieved from http://agingresearch .buffalo .edu/ceu/module_5/part_1b .htm#b
11 Tomita M . R . (2006) .
Module V: Sensory: Hearing and Touch/Dexterity .
Unpublished manuscript , School of Public Health and Health Professions , The State University of New York , New York , United States of America .
Retrieved from http://agingresearch .buffalo .edu/ceu/module_5/part_1e .htm#2
12 Tomita M . R . (2006) .
Module V: Sensory: Hearing and Touch/Dexterity .
Unpublished manuscript , School of Public Health and Health Professions , The State University of New York , New York , United States of America .
Retrieved from http://agingresearch .buffalo .edu/ceu/module_5/part_1e .htm#4
13 Cliff , L . (2008 , September 19) .
The top ten home appliances with the highest customer ratings .
Online Shopping Australia , Retrieved from http://www .onlineshoppingaustralia .com .au/2008/09/the-top-ten-home- appliances-with-the-highest-customer-ratings .html
There are also times when technologies create  troubles for the elderly .
As we move into the technological age , where computers and other devices flourish in every home and office , the elderly would have problems trying to use such devices .
For example , in the National Library , books to be borrowed were to be scanned at the checkout counter .
However ,  it would be very difficult for the elderly to learn how to use new devices without the  from others .
In addition , working elderly are also being easily replaced  machines that can do menial jobs like cleaning  .
One such example is the Eurolab Auto Vacuum Intelligent Cleaner which has wall sensors and can be controlled from a distance .
Employers may be tempted to replace the elderly floor cleaner who may be slow in cleaning  .
How would the employer not be tempted to dismiss the elderly floor cleaner when the price of owning the machine for one year is much cheaper than the annual wages of the elderly cleaner ?
Therefore ,  not every product that is being invented would help the elderly  in the aging process .
In sum , with the help of advanced technologies , the elderly can counter their  sight and hearing loss and  live independently  .
This would help the elderly to feel less depressed and frustrated  .
Bibliography
1 Kinsella , K . , & Velkoff , V . A . U .S . Department of Commerce , U .S . Census Bureau .
(2001) .
An aging world: 2001 (P95/01-1) .
Washington , DC: U .S . Government Printing Office .
2 Kinsella , K . , & He W . U .S . Department of Commerce , U .S . Census Bureau .
(2009) .
An aging world: 2008 (P95/09-1) .
Washington , DC: U .S . Government Printing Office .
3 Krotki K . J .
(2009) .
Baby Boom .
The Canadian encyclopedia .
Retrieved from http://www .thecanadianencyclopedia .com/index .cfm ?PgNm=TCE&Params=a1ARTA 0000437
4 Tomita M . R . (2006) .
Module IV: Sensory:Vision and Taste/Smell .
Informally published manuscript , School of Public Health and Health Professions , The State University of New York , New York , United States of America .
Retrieved from http://agingresearch .buffalo .edu/ceu/module_4/part_2a1 .htm
Nearer to home , Information Technology has revolutionized how the aged communicate with other people .
With the computer and the Internet being readily available  , the elderly can communicate with their families at anytime and anywhere in the comfort of their homes .
The aged who have their family members worked overseas can communicate with them  using web camera .
There is also the Internet chatting system like Windows Live Messenger that allowed them to communicate with their families and friends at anytime .
There are also "video chats" , "forums" and "weblogs" to allow them to  make friends with other aging people and  to express and voice their opinions  .
The Internet also allows the aged to  obtain and learn about information  at their preferred pace .
Thus , with Information Technology , the aged no longer would to be lonely even when they are homebound .
In conclusion , recent developments in Information Technology have helped to ease the aging process to a large extent through interactive computer programs and the Internet .
Bibliography
Internet sources:
According to an interview with Leonid A . Gavrilov , Ph .D for the Journal of Anti-Aging Medicine () , the aging process is defined as "any process , which contributes to age-related decline in performance , productivity and health .'
Over the years , research and development specifically in the field of technology has made significant contributions to address this process of increased inconvenience .
Although critics of this position point out that technology is still short of significantly slowing aging , current research and development has to a large extent eased this process and made life easier through the introduction of technological inventions .
This essay will discuss the impact of some of these technological inventions and how it helps the aging population cope with their decline performance , productivity and health .
Certain objections must , of course , be considered .
One may argue that older people are forgetful and are not able to learn new things .
Also , with the advances of technology , it is impossible for the older people to learn the complex nature of new technology such as using the text messaging function of a mobile phone .
However , this argument is flawed .
Aging does not affect our ability to learn .
Although it might take an older person a longer time to learn , the cognitive function does not decline with age .
While an older person might have " some difficulty with short-term (working) memory" as cited by James Pirkly ,  "long-term memory generally remains sound ."
Also , although technology itself is complex in nature , there are technological inventions tailored for the older people and we will take a look at two of this technology .
Firstly , the current technology of mobile phones and personal device assistance (PDA) has in a lot of aspects contributed in addressing issues arising from health and decrease performance in terms of mobility .
These devices (mobile phones and PDAs) have various functions and applications that assist the user to complete daily essential tasks that are made difficult due to aging .
The quick dial function allows the elderly to seek emergency or medical help promptly with just a press of a button .
This ensures that the elderly are attended to when they are alone at home and suffer a fall or have any other injuries that need attention .
The global positioning system (GPS) function that are found in certain devices allow loved ones to keep track of the elder's movement and if the elderly gets lost , the loved ones are just a call away .
Applications such as the Baycreast's Memory-Link Program that can be installed on a PDA have functions to set time-based alerts and snapped photos to aid the elderly in remembering important details .
These applications and functions amongst many are easily available on the market and are there to ultimately help the elderly age in the comfort of their own home .
Secondly , the technological invention of Med-eMonitor , a device  helps the old to differentiate the various prescription drugs and when exactly to take it .
Managing the different drugs that often look similar in appearance is a challenge for the elderly .
With their ever-worsening eyesight and memory loss , this device seeks to help ease that burden .
This device has different compartments to store different medication and each compartment has its own unique time reminder system with instructions .
When it is time for the elderly to take a particular medicine , a musical chime will be played .
When an elder opens that compartment , text instructions are displayed clearly on an LCD screen .
If the musical chime is not attended to , the device can place a phone call to family members or care givers .
Current research and development particularly in the field of technology has in a huge way helped the elderly cope with the demands of aging .
The 2 types of  that are mentioned in this essay are amongst many that facilitate the old in handling age-related decline in health , performance and productivity .
As technology continues to advance , more tasks can be done and aging will soon be considered a transition rather than a problem .
Cutting down spending on the elderly will only increase the seriousness of the aging issues .
Over the years , journalists and scholars have been publishing articles regarding how public spending on the elderly are rising and will be increasing in the future and the consequences of it .
They think that this will become a financial burden for the young generation and working adults , who will be contributing to the public spending .
It is normal that tax-payers are very concerned on how policy makers make decisions on how their hard earned money is pent and whether the policy makers are making full use of the money .
Hence , more and more people are suggesting diverting the money to other areas of development , which they think is beneficial to them as compared to spending on the aged .
But , this is definitely not a good suggestion because I believe that the government should always put their people as the first priority when making decisions .
If they were to ignore the needs of the elderly and focus on the development , it will obviously bring more social problems to the society .
Furthermore , this aging population is very much dependent on the public spending to cover their daily needs , more importantly their medical expenses .
They  usually have low income level or are below poverty level .
Daily expenses and medical needs might become a burden for them .
I believe this is one of the reasons why most of the  refuse to see a doctor and accept medical treatment when they are ill because they think that it is a waste of money .
Without the help from public spending , they might face financial problems in order to maintain their living and health condition .
Illnesses and various diseases  always seems to attack the old people as this group of people are weaker compared to other age groups .
It will be more worrying if they need special or long term medical treatment that might be too costly for them to handle .
From the all the reasons mentioned above , it is very clear that cutting down public spending for the old age is not a good choice in order to divert the money for the areas of development .
The group of elderly people is getting bigger which tells us that the current policy is not applicable anymore in the future as there will be more demand from the elderly .
In order to have more money for other areas of development , one of the ways is to reduce other sectors of public spendingsuch as  education , for example .
So , the suggestion to cut down spending for the old age people is not a good solution to use the money for other areas of development .
.
For instance , The Singapore government encourages the university educated or professionally qualified mother to have at least 3 or more children by giving tax rebates of $20 ,000 or more .
On the other hand , the government has begun to provide a subsidy of $100 for employed mothers when their 3th preschool children is placed in approved full day child care centers .
There are also unrecorded leave for mothers to take care of the sick children .
The "three , if you can afford it" policy  has increased the total population of Singapore citizens and has allowed the population of the country to younger .
Different types of policies have been introduced to improve the welfare of the elderly so that they are able to benefit from it .
One of the policies that has been introduced is the housing policies such as lift upgrading , elderly fitness corner and studio apartments .
Firstly , the government has implemented the lift upgrading program to build new lifts in  housing blocks which have direct access to every floor to cater to the elderly residents who have painful legs and who are wheelchair bound .
According to Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong s the old lifts have been replaced with the new lifts which previously only stopped at every third or fourth floor (Lee , 2009 .
With the newly upgraded lifts ,  more convenience to the elderly is provided
Secondly , elderly fitness corners are built to cater to the elderly to exercise more in order to lead a healthy lifestyle .
They are strongly encouraged to use the facilities at the fitness corners to do a light workout to improve their health conditions .
Having regular exercises helps to prevent any chronic diseases such as high blood pressure and heart disease from attacking the elderly ( , 2009 .
Besides exercising , the elderly are also able to interact with their  , thus widening  their social network .
Through a healthy and active lifestyle  the elderly  are able to live longer and stay free from illness (Balaji , 1999 .
With that , they are able to return  to work and continue to contribute to the society .
Thus , not only do the elderly  benefit from it , the country's economic growth may also benefit since they have valuable experiences in the industry .
However , critics of this position argue that the government should not spend time and resources to ease the aging process .
Instead they should implement more policies on the younger generation to boost the economy growth so as to move towards a knowledge based economy and also to introduce more schemes to increase the birth rate so that the government is able to meet their goals .
Moreover , it is the children's responsibility to take care of the parents instead of the government .
If the elderly well- being is not well taken care of , the younger generation may not want to reconsider giving birth since the society is unprepared for the aging population in the future and this will cause more elderly living in this society .
If the society is well-prepared , the younger generation does not have to worry about their own welfare when they turn old .
Besides that , not all children have the ability to support their parents as they might be facing financial problems and hence are unable to take good care of them .
In addition , some elderly do not have any children .
Therefore the elderly need the government's help to meet their physical needs .
In my opinion , public spending on the elders should be limited and the money can be diverted to other sectors of the progress of the country .
Indeed , the aged  were once the main human resource that  contributed greatly to the development of the country and thus deserve the welfare of getting public spending , as a token of gratitude .
Yet that token of gratitude should not be too much till it may drag down the development of the country .
Instead , reformed policies should be implemented to limit the public spending for the aged , and meanwhile , to make sure that their welfare is still taken care of .
To begin with , public spending on the aged population has become a burden to the tax payers .
It is known that the money proposed for the eldercare nowadays has comprised a large portion of the government spending .
For example , according to the Singapore budget report of 2009 , the payout for the Senior Citizen Bonus is at least SD$73400000 .00 for that year .
This figure has not  included the other programmes that are proposed for the senior citizens .
As the source of money for the government is mainly the tax payers , this figure translates as  a burden on these contributing citizens .
Furthermore , in these few years , the amount of money that is allocated for the eldercare has been increasing .
If this trend does not change in the next few years , the average citizens would have to pay more , in order to enable the government to use the money for the aged ones .
In other words , the income that they earned would be constantly reduced .
This may result in the feeling of indignation in the tax-payers towards the ruling government - which is not an advantageous condition for the further growth of the country .
In fact ,  public funding for the welfare of the aged  is still needed in some ways , but it is  so crucial until it should comprise such a huge section of the government spending .
As an alternative , some of the policies should be reformed to shift a part of the government duty to the family of the elders , and even the elders themselves .
For example , people should be compelled by law to take care of their own parents .
The family should carry out the responsibility to look after the elders .
Besides that , most of the elders do have their own savings or investment that they have accumulated since they were young .
Anyway , in the case of  homeless , childless and jobless ,  they should savour the benefits from the eldercare programme by the government .
Or else , they may have to end up suffering without assistance or even notice of the others .
Thus , in conclusion , the public funding for the aged population should be limited , for the good of the tax payers , the overall development of the country and the familial happiness of the elders .
Then , the money that is cut off from that sector can be diverted to the other areas of the country .
The problem of aging population has become worse and worse in many countries .
For instance , Singapore is said to be the third-fastest ageing nation with a doubled proportion of people aged above 65 in 2020 .
(Lee , 2008) Aging often becomes terrible as the elderly are drained from high medical and healthcare fee .
Thus governments' pension , subsidy and medical insurance perform a main role to help such old people .
However , to solve the aging problem is not merely spending more money on the aged .
Certain fields' pension could be limited , such as the ones' who are financially independent after retirement .
On the other hand , there are other crucial areas where governments need to give strong financial supports , such as education and economy .
Furthermore , investment in these areas will help to solve the aging problem as well .
Pension , subsidy and medical insurance is the main way through which the government can directly help the aged , however , this does not imply that more financial support would definitely lead to better sitution .
Now f .scal policy to help the aged does not satisfy everybody's needs .
Firstly , in terms of pensfees , the government's regulations always determine the amount of pension given to a person by how much he or she has contributed to the society .
Mostly , these productive people are able to accumulattypes of h wealth to fight for their aged problems .
t the same time , research reveals that these people can often be productive and healthy even after retirement .
In contrast , those who are less succesupport their life will get comparably less pension to support them .
Their low-skilled and physical jobs limit their possibility to continue working after certain age .
These men have to cope with their miserable sunset years with limited pension , and this is where the pension system's imbalance lies .
Secondly , in terms of subsidy and medical insurance , the government often fails to differtiate the levels of need among different groups of people .
For example , people who have chronic disease should receive more subsidy and better medical insurance .
For those who work in high polluted industry , they should also be specially considered .
Therefore , the government's financial support should depend on people's financial state and healthy state .
What is more urgent and practical comparing to purely spending more money on the aged is to restructure the pension , subsidy and medical insurance systems to ensure the limited government's money can effectively help the aged .
thatcomparedTsubsidiesdiseasesneedsFurthermore , the money we save could be diverted to develop education .
Education is the root of a country .
It is widely believed that the most important treasure of a country in 21st century is talents .
The main way to produce competent people is to develop education .
Many countries have made different new policies to boost education development .
One of China's well-known policies is popularizing compulsory education in urban and rural places .
The vision of this policy is to raise the civilization level of the country and give its citizens abilities to keep pace with the fast developing technologies .
Thus education deserves huge financial support from the government .
On the other hand , focusing on ethical educational topics either in school or social propaganda could teach children as well as adults to be willing to take the caregiving duties .
Hopefully , such broad education could evoke love in everyone's heart , and let all people take initiative to care about the old people in our society .
This would probably have a better effect on solving the aging problem than just focusing on financial areas .
Besides education , spending money on economy development is also very important .
A country can step on its way to prosperity if it has good economic policy .
A good example is thethe 21storm and opening-up of China .
It is a time when Chinese government paid huge sum of money to create good investing environment and financially support local entrepreneurs .
Without this , China could not possible to achieve what it has today .
In addition , it could be concluded that spending money on economy would make people wealthy , which could greatly help to ease the aging problem .
The reason is that if people could afford the healthcare fee themselves , they already overcome the radical part of the aging problem .
have achievedTherefore , public spending on the aged should be limited; the reasons are given in terms of pension , subsidy and medical insurance .
Furthermore , the money saved should be diverted into important areas relative to the country's destiny , such as educpaysn and sumsnomy .
In return , developia investingcrucial areas would benefit the as well .
Recently , the aging population has caused lots of social and economic problems , which has drawn the attention of more and more governments .
However , what most governments do is just to increase public spending on the aged  , which is not enough to tackle the issue and even decreases the country's development .
In fact , it will be more efficient to limit spending on the old and use more money on economic development .
First of all , it cannot be ignored that there will be more choices to care for those who are in need with sufficient economic growth .
For instance , Cambodia possessed a very slow development for a long time .
With a large population living in poverty , its government spent quite a large amount of money on the needy .
The situation is similar for the problem of aging population .
If more efforts and money are spent on the development of economy , there will be much more benefits gained from it in turn .
Therefore , we are provided with more choices to care for the elder people .
Secondly , it is not necessary for governments to spend too much money on the elderly to resolve the problem of aging population .
Alternatively , by requiring people to provide in advance for their own old-age dependency , governments can also solve this problem without slowing down economic growth .
In some countries , like Singapore and Britain , people are encouraged or compelled by law to save and invest a certain portion of their income when they are active in the work force .
This method proves to be very effective .
With enough money saved or invested during the years of work , the elderly  become less dependent on financial aids from governments .
Moreover , there will be more money diverted to other areas to promote the economic development .
Instead of increasing spending on the old , the problem can also be tackled by encouraging the elderly  to lead longer working lives .
That is an effective way to solve some economic and social problems caused by aging population .
A good example is that the UK's government managed to solve pension drain by using this method .
Furthermore , longer working lives can definitely help lessen the pressure of younger generations , which protects them from being overwhelmed by overloaded work .
What is  most important is that longer working lives give the aged opportunities to accumulate wealth for later lives , making them less vulnerable to the changes of outer aids .
This will truly benefit the aged who are completely dependent on pensions from governments .
Some people may have doubts about the productivity of the aged and argue that it is their right to lead a peaceful lives .
However , this is not true .
On the one hand , life today is different from the past , in part because of demographic and economic changes .
The population aged 65 to 75 is healthier and better educated than those in this age group in past generations .
Most people who retire  from work today are still energetic and in quite good health .
So there is no doubt that the aged are able to lead longer working lives .
On the other hand , since the aged are mostly more experienced and patient , there truly exist some  jobs more suitable for them .
In that case , they are even more productive than younger workers .
It is shown that we are able to efficiently solve the problems caused by aging population with limited spending .
Through the methods of requiring people to provide in advance and encouraging longer working lives , more money can be diverted to other areas to promote  economic development .
And with sufficient economic development , there will be more choices for governments to care for the old .
It is well-known that the world is facing a growing aging population and this trend is unlikely to be reserved in the short term .
In order to let the aged enjoy a relatively good life , the governments grant pension and other benefits for the old .
In 2006 , the Chinese Government granted over 500 billion RMB of pension to 460 billion pensioners nationwide , and the medical expenses of these people were more than 3 times that of the young population .
Without a doubt , this will leave a heavy burden on the growth of the economics with the rapidly growing aging population .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited so that the money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
Firstly , it is not worth spending a lot of money on the aged at the cost of the whole society's development .
Money should be transferred to some more important areas .
In fact , if the ecmics of the whole society can ensure a steady growth , then it will be much easier for the country to undertake the pension .
Although the aging problem is worsening , it is not a wise choice to focus too much attention on the issue .
When the limited money is made the most of , the aged can benefit from the various prospering departmeeconomyver the country , even maintain a self-sufficient life without the financial aid from the government .
Secondly , governments can encourage every citizen to save for their old-age dependency .
If everyone starts to save when they begin to work ,  most of them can be independent in finance after retirement .
Nowadays investment companies or insurance companies provide a variety of investment plans which can satisfy the needs for most people .
For example , in Singapore , people begin to save a certain percent of his salary into his bank account , in order to pay the housing loan , car loan or for advanced age .
Many developed countries such as Britand Australian also carry out this policy .
If people are not willing to save in advance , then the government can compel people to save by law .
Spending the governmentoney is not the most effective way to solve the aging problem .
We can also achieve the goal of easing the aging process by encouraging advance savings and providing suitable jobs for the old .
Since the money should be reduced by promoting these two policies , more goodsy can be transferred to other more urgent areas .
In a nutshell , money spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
I agree with the question that "Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development ."
The greying population are expected to double by the year 2030 , "one in five Singaporeans will be over 65 , up from 1 in 12 today" () .Therefore the amount of public spending required are also expected to rise proportionately .
The Government should limit public spending so as to prevent over reliance of the elderly on them which  in turn causes an even bigger strain on the shrinking work force .
Therefore , the Government should focus on increasing productivity of future workers and making the citizens more independent rather than  expanding the budget .
Some of the ways to do so is to make saving compelled by law , to elderly to come back to the workforce , and in healthcare aspects .
Law Compelled Saving
In order to cultivate the sense of self reliance the Government should make a compulsory law for the working adults to save into a special account with their monthly pay .
One  such example is the Central Provident Fund (CPF) scheme used in Singapore over 5 decades .
This policy helps to prepare the citizens for their retirement while they still have the ability to earn an income .
This would ensure that each citizen would have some amount of money to fall back on when they retire and would in turn lessen the needs for subsidies or help from the government .
Education should also pay a part in allowing the future citizens to know the importance of early retirement preparation and planning .
Increase Workforce
One of the major problems of an ageing population is the lack of workforce to drive the economy .
Since the human's life expectancy has generally increased over the decades , it is essential that elderly  work and earn more income for their retirement while it is possible .
Therefore the retirement age should be pushed back and elderly should be encouraged to upgrade their skills and continue working as they are a country's invaluable resource with a lot of experience .
By tapping on the large number of elderly , the country's workforce will be increased and more people will be available to drive the country's economy to encourage growth .
With sufficient economic growth , there will be lesser needy people as well .
Healthcare Service
Vulnerable Group of Elderly
In conclusion , I agree that public spending should be limited as citizens should not be over reliant on their Government and the focus to solve such problems should be to increase workforce and also make use of more money on lowering healthcare costs  in other areas of the country's development .
Nations in Asia are suffering from the problem of an aging population .
With the increasing problem , the government has no choice but to spend a large sum of money to help and allow the process of aging in the society to be easy and convenient .
With policies , resources and money set aside for elders , elders are prepared to retire and enjoy retirement in a more fulfilling manner .
Reasons for the government to increase their spending on the elders include , the importance of an elderly in a family setting is important and we should all respect them in all aspects Elders in countries have given most of their lives in their homeland and as a result become a significant part of development of their nations .
In return , the government should take care of our elders as a means of gratification .
Lastly , the potential contributions of the elders would be valuable for the current generation .
Aging is the accumulation of changes in an organism or object over time .
Aging process happens naturally and does not result from disease or accident .
The effects of this process differ from each person but most likely they will suffer from declining organ function .
Vision and hearing loss , smell problems , and memory loss are some examples of illnesses that often attack the elderly .
These illnesses will affect their daily lives in some ways such as cause inconvenience in social life and inhibit their activities .
Nevertheless , current development in technology has produced a variety of devices that help simplify the aging process .
Research shows that of people aged 70 years , 8 .6% report problems with both hearing and seeing" .
This vision impairments and hearing loss can be a serious problem to the elderly as they may lead to misunderstanding in communication .
Elderly who suffer from vision and hearing loss will find difficulties in making a phone call , listening to voice mail , and using text messages with cell phones .
However , the development in technology has eventually overcome such problems .
In 2006 , an electronics brand , Samsung , launched its Jitterbug J , an excellent cell phone for the elderly .
This gadget provides the elderly a simple way in making phone calls and using text messages .
Jitterbug cell phone suits the elderly as it has loud and clear sound as well as large and brief on-screen text .
A satisfied customer , MakenzieB , purchased a Jitterbug for her 62-year-old mother .
Her mother absolutely loves it and could easily understand how to use it .
She can easily call her family and check voicemail by herself .
Technology development has also helped the elderly with smell problems .
A statistic from National Institutes of Health shows that "More than 2 million adults have disorders of smell" .
These problems are more common in elderly because the sense of smell changes as people age .
When sense of smell changes , elder people will lose the ability to detect smoke , leaking gas , or airborne pollutants and toxins .
Thus , they will need warning devices to detect smoke and carbon dioxide .
A device called The Shake-Up Alarm is a solution to this problem .
The Shake-Up Alarm contains  two parts: smoke detector and signaller .
When smoke is  detected , the smoke detector will transmit signals to two receivers which are a bed vibrator and a strobe light .
The bed vibrator can be placed under a pillow or mattress .
Thus , the vibrator will alert the owner even when he falls asleep .
The second receiver , which is a strobe light , will flash 60 times per minute .
The other illness that usually attacks elderly is memory loss .
According to a mid-March story from HealthDay , "5 .4 million Americans over 70 have memory loss that affects their daily lives" .
One problem that occurs as an effect of memory loss is a difficulty to manage a strict schedule of numerous prescription drugs .
Many pills look similar and there are different instructions for taking each of them .
Thus , it will be a big problem for the elderly with memory loss to remember the instructions of each pill .
However , there is a device called Med-eMonitor which can help ease such burden .
Med-eMonitor is a pill organizer which functions as medication separator and system reminder .
This device also shows on-screen instructions which will help elderly take the drug with proper dosage and schedule .
Another device that can help elderly with memory loss is Mnemonic .
Mnemonic is a wrist-wrapped device that reminds the owner about important events or meetings .
It has a special feature which is built-in accelerometer which will keep the display on top no matter which direction it is rotated .
In conclusion , every person will face the aging process and as a result , various diseases such as vision and hearing loss , smell problems , and memory loss are likely to attack as they age .
After all , nowadays research and development in technology has eventually provided a variety of gadgets that suit the elderly and help them handle the aging process .
Thus , elderly will feel convenient to do their daily activities and live independently .
"Man is different from most other species of animals in that an abundance of resources tends to reduce rather than increase fertility ."
(Andrew K . Rose , UC Berkeley and NBER) As the productivity of the world has increased greatly compared to decades ago , an ageing society has come to being .
Problems led by decrease in manpower come along; however , research was made and strategies were proposed meanwhile .
This essay is going to elaborate the effects that science discoveries , technological inventions and social policies have on easing the aging process .
Critics of science , technologies and social policies' alleviation on aging population argue that the eldly couelderlyve a satisfatory lifehelpterms of material; however , it is hard for them to be happy since the society does not favor old people who do not fit its fast pace .
This is not necessarily true .
It is because there are communities which welcome talleviateses who are healthy , independent and rich in time , and they are becoming more popular and "recruited" by the communities since traditionally , women have provided much of the voluntary work but now more of them have joined the work force .
(A . K .
Rose . , UC Berkeley and NBER) Retirees in this way have much more chances to communicate and probably they would not feel lonely .
In conclusion , science discovries ease the aging process by educating the eldly what is healthy; technological inventions do this in ways to heal the sick , injured and even disabled; finally , social policies help the eldly in finance to secure their peaceful eldly life .
A research conducted by The Center for Disease Control and Prevention in the United States showed that " [1]about 80% of the population aged 65 and above has at least one chronic health condition , and 50% has at least two" .
Some of the most common chronic health problems which the elderly suffers from are arthritis , heart disease , and cancer .
These diseases often decrease the quality of life of the elderly because they cause the elderly to lose their ability to live a normal life as they used to live .
However , some recent medical inventions give us promising solutions to these health problems related to aging and hence ease the aging process .
[2]Almost 43 million adults in the United States suffer from arthritis .
One of the most common types of arthritis is rheumatoid arthritis .
Rheumatoid arthritis can affect many tissues and organ but mostly attacks the small joints .
The disease disables the elderly from doing their normal activities because it causes the joints to become swollen and limits their movements .
Moreover , arthritis and related conditions are the leading cause of disability in the United States .
[3]The most frequently affected joints in the hand are finger joints .
This fact is quite worrying since fingers are the most frequently used part of a human hand .
Nevertheless , researchers at Royal Hampshire County Hospital have invented [4] "a particular type of silver ring splints worn on fingers which is effective in controlling hyperextension deformity of finger joints , which is common in individuals with rheumatoid arthritis" .
This new treatment method replaced the old massive plastic rings which were worn to stabilize the joints .
Many patients who have received the new silver ring treatment commented that [5] "the silver rings look better than the old bulky ones .
They are also more durable and stronger ."
5 .ScienceDaily 2008 .
6 .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 2007 .
7 .Advanced Cell Technology .
Heart Myoblast Cell Injection 2007 .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from {http://www .advancedcell .com/recent-news-item/related-news-heart-myoblast-cell-injection}[HYPERLINK: http://www .advancedcell .com/recent-news-item/related-news-heart-myoblast-cell-injection]
8 .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 2007 .
9 .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
The Burden of Chronic Diseases and Their Risk Factors 2004 .
10 .
New Lung Cancer Treatment Produces High Cure Rate; Hope in Place of Surgery 2009 .  .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from {http://seniorjournal .com/NEWS/Health/2009/20090309-NewLungCancer .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://seniorjournal .com/NEWS/Health/2009/20090309-NewLungCancer .htm]
12 .
New Lung Cancer Treatment Produces High Cure Rate 2009  .
13 .Julie Wheldon .
Vaccine for kidney and bowel cancers 'within three years' 2006 .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from http://www .dailymail .co .uk/news/article-416006/Vaccine-kidney-bowel-cancers-years .html
[6] Heart disease makes up more than 30% of deaths in American adults aged 65 and above caused by chronic disease , making it the disease which kills most elderly .
The most fatal symptom of heart disease is heart attack .
When heart attack occurs , blood supply to part of the heart is interrupted , causing some heart muscle cells to die .
This often causes severe heart failure because the heart muscle cells cannot regenerate themselves due to the absence of myoblasts , which are the cells forming muscle cells .
In the past , these dead cells caused by a heart attack could not be replaced .
But today , thanks to a new heart  treatment called "Heart Myoblast Cell Injection" , heart attack victims can get their healthy heart muscle cells back .
[7] In this new treatment method , myoblast cells are extracted from the heart  patient's own thigh muscles .
After that , the cells are cultured in the lab then injected to the heart of the patient .
Research show that new tissue formation and improvement in the heart function of the patients were found after this treatment .
The lead researcher of this treatment at the Arizona Heart Institute , Nabil Dib , says , "Through this heart  treatment we can regenerate a scar tissue caused by a heart attack , which is the opposite of what we learnt in medical school ."
[8] While heart disease is still the leading cause of death in the elderly , cancer comes second .
[9] In the United States , Lung cancer kills more people than other cancers .
The traditional method to cure lung cancer in a patient is by surgery or radiotherapy which is given five days a week for six to seven weeks .
Radiotherapy process can be burdensome because of its frequency , especially for those who do not live in cities with equipped hospitals .
However , cancer specialists from Temple University have found a new method called Stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT) .
[10] Unlike the ordinary radiotherapy , SBRT can be stopped after three to eight treatments .
Another advantage of SBRT is it can double the survival rates of early stage patients .
The survival rates of SBRT are as high as surgical methods , which some patients cannot have because of their conditions or refuse to have .
[11] Experts are very optimistic that this new treatment can replace the old radiotherapy and surgery .
Curtis Miyamoto , M .D . , chair and professor of the Department of Radiation Oncology at Temple University School of Medicine said that "With the success of this technique , we're now questioning whether we'll even be doing surgeries on these patients in the future ."
[12] Colorectal cancer is the second  cancer-related killer in the United States after lung cancer .
Most  colorectal cancer patients are elderly because the possibility of having colorectal cancer increases with age .
Chemotherapy is often recommended to cure the disease depending on the patient's condition .
The problem is , most elderly patients are not as fit enough as younger patients to stand chemotherapy .
Nevertheless , some scientists from The United Kingdom have found a vaccine called TroVax which is able to cure kidney and bowel cancer .
This includes colorectal cancer .
The research on the vaccine showed that "[13] One patient who was given the vaccine has seen his tumour disappear totally  .
Another two have seen their tumours reduce in size , and in three people the cancer has been stopped in its tracks .
50 patients have had the vaccine and 95 per cent of those that can be evaluated have had an 'anti-tumour response" .
Unlike chemotherapy which can cause depression of the bodies immune system because it kills not only bad cancer cells but also good cells which contribute to the body's immunity , this vaccine works in a totally different way .
The vaccine improves the body's immune system to fight a particular disease which in this case is colorectal cancer
Recent inventions offer medical solutions to the elderly suffering from chronic medical conditions such as arthritis , heart disease , and lung cancer .
These inventions help the elderly to live a healthier life .
By living a healthier life , the elderly people can live their days more normally and hence this will help them in the aging process .
* Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and The Merck Company Foundation .
The State of Aging and Health in America 2007 .
2 .Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 2007 .
3 .Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 2007 .
4 .
ScienceDaily .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from {http://www .sciencedaily .com/releases/2008/06/080603174302 .htm/}[HYPERLINK: http://www .sciencedaily .com/releases/2008/06/080603174302 .htm/]
A survey done by Strait-times shows that old people spend nearly 90% of the rest of their life at home , 53% of them hire maids to assist their living and that they develop some diseases due to inappropriate home design .
An old woman in this survey said it is not very convenient for her to use the wheelchair at home and her eyes feel tired very often .
If old people have the layout of furniture in a more organized way they can live by themselves more comfortably .
Meanwhile the adjusted daylight can also benefit their health .
Thus , it is essential to redesign homes for old people to ease their aging process .
First of all , layout of the home is extremely important for old people to manage their living at home .
Firstly , by making sure that the house has single level living , no steps in main entries , no obstruction in the hall way and bedrooms open to the sitting room can reduce the accidents at home for the elderly .
This can be further illustrated by a research conducted by Hunter Centre for Health Advancement in Whales .
It finds that 71 home accidents are reported by 607 elder people in four weeks and 70% of the accidents are falls .
Secondly , more flexibility can be gained if the door is constrained to 36'' and the cabinets do not exceed 67'' high and counters provide a space for your knees when sitting in .
So people with wheelchairs do not need to have someone to assist living , and in such a way they would have a positive attitude toward aging .
And psychologist from university of taxes indicates that being positive delays aging .
Equally importthe layoutighting is another concern about the elder's health , especially the eyes .
, light should be used carefully for eye health .
Such as rliving spaceghwith nong with controlentry pointsnses is also necessary to increase the illuminopening intoor eye protection , and glare should be avoided by choosing the material of the wall , ceiling and mirror to fight against cataracts .
On the other hand , getting enough exposure to daylight can fight against osteoporosis and insomnia .
The best solution is to gain daylight through the ccaused by fallingg .
With the daylight sustained , skin would produce vitamin D more easily , which is critical for strong bones and teeth .
And a study by Gloth (1995) suggests that half of the elder people are under the vitamin D levels .
Furthermore , since old people stay at home for the most of the time , adequate sunlight would help them Psychologistsle of the universityght Texashus prevent them from sleep disorders .
having sleepAlthough some peoplis lightingist that it is bewith regard to the health of the elderlycare of the old or provide asylums for them , and therefore there is no need to redesign their homes , they fail to consider the fees for the care and the feeling of the old .
Firstly , since most ofthe glareold do save their pension for the health care and do not want give their children too much burden .
Secondly , since old people have already developed a strong sentihelp fightfor their house , they do not want to move .
Furthermore , home care can also be done by providing welfare and consultation by government agencies at a lower cost to alleviate the solitude and physical burden of the dependent elderly , which is suggested by Claude (1993elderly"ahave deficient 
As information and technology has been developing dramatically , the elderly nowadays are being helped with many modern facilities , helping them to ease the aging process .
The aging process usually comes with several phenomena such as bad vision , bad hearing , backache , hair loss , etc .
much progress have been made in science , especially medicine , to provide the elderly with convenient tools for their lives .
For example , dealing with bad vision , which is very popular among people above 60 , we now have special lenses and eye drops , together with traditional magnifiers which are being improved more and more to help the elderly with their eyesight , furthermore special hearing-aids can do a very good work in reinforcing the hearing ability .
In terms of medicine , we also have skin cream to prevent wrinkles , anti hair loss drugs , special medicine for osteoporosis , heart disease , etc .
to provide different ways to ease the aging process .
* "Older Americans Big On Internet , Elderly Not There , Yet" {http://seniorjournal .com/NEWS/SeniorStats/5-01-19SeniorsInternet .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://seniorjournal .com/NEWS/SeniorStats/5-01-19SeniorsInternet .htm]
In addition , technology has also brought to the elderly many convenient tools to help them to be independent in their lives .
Nowadays many houses are equipped with intercom doorbell to help "respond to visitors without having to rush or feel panicky" (1) , thus preventing them from falling .
Electric appliances are accompanied with remote controls which are easy to use and remember so that the elderly can flick through television channels or turn on and off lights and fans themselves .
What's more , wheelchairs now do not need physical strength to move , but thanks to the controls with some different-color buttons , the elderly can use an electric wheelchair and skillfully direct them to wherever they want within the house and around the neighbourhood .
For children working at offices who cannot keep their eyes on their old parents , they can install the webcam system around the house to watch over the parents while still doing their job .
Perhaps the most modern tool for the elderly that has been invented is robots , which have been brought from factories to home to do house chores .
They can do various things and multi-task and thus help the elderly a lot in the house .
For example , the robot named Domo is programmed to not only hold cans and tins but also identify other food with different shapes and quickly find an desired object to accompany the elderly whenever they need(2) .
Or in Japan , where nearly a quarter of the population is at age 65 and above , robots are being used very effectively to help lift the elderly or support them in moving .
Some of them can also respond to oral commands such as "forward" , "back" , "right" , "left"(3) , very convenient for the elderly because they often struggle to remember the buttons and the functions to run a machine .
Who says computers are just for teenagers and the youth ?
With significant advances in information and technology , today the elderly can also use the Internet to join some virtual communities especially designed for them to meet their peers and talk about many things with one another instead of staying alone all day in the house waiting for their children to come home after work .
Singapore recently has launched an Internet portal "I Not Old" ({www .inotold .com}) especially for the elderly , "to provide them with social platforms , games and information"(4) .
In America , a survey has been conducted by the Kaiser Family Foundation to find that one third of seniors above 60 and two-thirds of people between 50 and 64 get access to the Internet .
What are they looking for ?
They search healthcare , such as how to consult a doctor online without having to leave home , or drug information , etc .
(4)
In conclusion , the elderly nowadays are being helped a lot with different advances in technology , to become more and more independent and to live on their own .
We now can feel safe to leave home on our business and leave them at home , knowing that they are supported and equipped with all the things they need .
And with the rapid development in technology , we know that in the near future , many more things will be invented for our parents .
* : "Using Technology to Help Elderly Parents Remain Independent" {http://www .caringforelderlyparents .com/independence/}[HYPERLINK: http://www .caringforelderlyparents .com/independence/]
* "A Robust Robot for the Elderly" {http://www .technologyreview .com/infotech/18537/}[HYPERLINK: http://www .technologyreview .com/infotech/18537/]
* "Japanese Building Robots to Help Elderly" {http://www .foxnews .com/story/0 ,2933 ,299677 ,00 .html/}[HYPERLINK: http://www .foxnews .com/story/0 ,2933 ,299677 ,00 .html/]
* "{Singapore launchesinternetportal forelderly}[HYPERLINK: http://www .futuregov .net/articles/2009/may/14/singapore-launches-internet-portal-elderly/]" {http://www .futuregov .net/articles/2009/may/14/singapore-launches-internet-portal-elderly/}[HYPERLINK: http://www .futuregov .net/articles/2009/may/14/singapore-launches-internet-portal-elderly/]
Firstly , for a graying population around the world , lots of policies have been applied to control the birth and death rate or to balance the age structure .
One of the most possibly effective ways is the "two child" population policy in Shanghai , a big city in China .
The Shanghai Daily says about 22% of the population is over 60 years old .
additionally , for a long time , the Chinese population was controlled by a "one child" policy .
As a result , an increased aging population has developed  .
Therefore , "a "two child" policy can relax this problem and boost a higher birth rate , with a government campaign that encourages couples to have a second child .
However , due to a lack of financial incentives , there is still no official announcement with regard to this .
Secondly , to cope with the aging process , an increase in healthcare demand can be organized by improving system performance , redesigning service delivery , support informal caregivers , and shift demographic parameters .
Obviously , the older people use more healthcare than young people .
Nevertheless , health costs are independent of the age structure , which defines the distribution of predetermined expenditures .
Particularly , in Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) , aging population does not have any connections to health expenditure as a part of GDP .
For example , the over-65-year-old Swedish made up 17 .3% in 2000 , but Sweden just spent 8 .6% GDP on health .
The former in Australia was 12 .7% , and the latter was 9 .3% , figured in 2001 and 2002 .
Thirdly , as  mentioned in "A graying world" by Peter Peterson , late retirement not only solves the employment problem , but also lightens the financial burden on the young .
In countries with a limited labour force , taking advantage of experienced , stable employers is very important , as it also contributes to the family income and saves  training cost .
Moreover , providing work to the older people helps them from being bored , alone , and maybe  depressed .
Therefore , the younger people who are the breadwinners of the family are more relaxed and under less pressure , so their work will be more efficient but less stressful .
In conclusion , due to a development in various areas , world has to face a problem of aging population .
Awaring of this , lots of countries have applied a plenty of effective policies to adapt to a new changing world .
Although there are many developments and improvements for it , it seems that some governments still have not seriously concerned on it .
There is a robot project called Twendy-one under research at WASEDA University .
This project aims to develop a daily life support robot for the aged .
(Sugano Laboratory , 2007) Currently , this 147cm tall human-symbiotic- robot can perform conversation with people; provide motion support and perform sophisticated tasks such as fetching seasonings from the refrigerator and picking up a piece of bread from the toaster and put it to a plate using a food tong without spoiling it .
With these functions , this robot may bring great convenience to the life of the elderly and ease the aging problem if it can be industrialized .
In fact , there are a number of researches like Twendy-one , which focuses on technological innovations helpful to the aged people , is being done currently .
Judging from the outcomes of these researches , the aging process has been eased to a large extent mainly in three fields: visual assistance , health monitoring and mobility support .
First , technological inventions provide solution to the vision problem that comes with aging , presbyopia .
The aged may choose to wear optical lenses for presbyopia , and current research has raised this lens technology to a new height .
For example Bifocal Contact Lens has been invented recently .
(Pizzo & Segre , 2008) Each piece of this kind of lens is divided into two parts with different focus .
This enable the presbyopputting it ton a , usually the aged , to see both far objects and near objects clearly without changing lens .
Moreover , this kind of contact lens rides on the eyeball but does not roll together with the eyeball .
This means , when the patient look down , he or she can use the lower part of the lens to read and use the upper part of the lenwhich is being currently done to look at distant objects .
Besides , the aged may also choose to carry a portable digital magnifier which takes picture behind the device , magnifies it to desired clearness and show it on the screen such as PocketViewer .
(HumanWare Group , 2009) With these technological inventions , the aged may be able to read and write like young people .
Hence , the pressure of aging process is reduced .
Sankai , D . (2009) .
What's "HAL" (Hybrid Assistive Limb) ?
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from CYBERDYNE: http://www .cyberdyne .jp/English/robotsuithal/index .html
Stair climbing wheelchair .
(2008) .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from topchair: http://pagesperso-orange .fr/topchair/index_en .htm
fingersatwheelchairsthe wheelchairprovides the necessary supportfrombe worna batteryIn conclusion , current research in technological inventions maiarey have accoeof walking by: vision assistance , health condition monitoring and mobility support .
In each areas , inventions are solving practical problems that may happen on aged people .
By solving these problems , the life standard omethodsaged in eto assistd while the stress of the aging process is reduced .
Therefore , current research in technological inventions haintroducedto ease the aging process to a large extent .
arelivesfaced by the agedareaReference
Sugano Laboratory .
(2007) .
Twendy-one .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from Twendy-one: http://twendyone .com/index_e .html
Pizzo , N . D . , & Segre , L . (2008 , 12) .
Bifocal Contact Lenses For Presbyopia: A complete Guide to Bifocals .
Retrieved 9 15 , 2009 , from AllAboutVision .com: http://www .allaboutvision .com/contacts/bifocals .htm
HumanWare Group .
(2009) .
PocketViewer .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from Humanwar USA: http://www .humanware .com/en- usa/products/low_vision/handheld_magnifiers/_details/id_142/pocketviewer .htm l
Surprising !
Heart can be monitored 24 hours a day .
(2008 , March 14) .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 , from New Needs: http://www .xinxuyao .com/elderly/focus/2008031413654 .shtml
Technology has improved our daily life a lot .
It impacts  our work , leisure and home .
when compared with the past , today , everything can be done easily with the aid of technology .
As the speed of  technology grows , people in the society age as well .
Recently , the aging population has been a a cause of concern for governments and society .
By 2050 , many people in the first world countries will reach 51 .
(1) In order to ease the global aging process , people have begun using technology with the hope of helping the aging population .
Internet and automated gadgets are some of the technology that were used  a few years ago to help the elderly .
Today , the internet has become so common in  society it has beingused to help the aging population .
People have started to create a link from the elderly to the their family members .
For example , in the United State some family members actually give their elderly a GPS device which can help to keep track of their location  anywhere and at any time .
As people get older , the chances of them getting lost are much  higher and with the help of a GPS device , their loved ones can easily find out their current location when they get lost .
Another way of helping the aging population are automated gadgets .
With the automated gadgets , it can help to take care or monitor the elderly especially when they are alone .
An example would be the Med-eMonitor , invented by InforMedix , which acts as a medicine reminder for the elderly .
This gadget actually is just about the size of a VCR tape and operates on a rechargeable battery which can last for two weeks .
Inside this gadget , are many compartments that can help to separate the medication and also allows users to set a date and time .
It also comes with a reminder system , on-screen instruction and a line of communication .
When the time has come for medication , the gadget will play a musical chime that will alert the elderly .
When the user press on the button a LCD screen will display the instruction for taking the drugs , for example , some drugs are to be taken before meal or with a empty stomach .
If the musical chime is not responded to by the elderly and the medication is not taken , the gadget will place a phone call to the family members to inform them .
(2)
Besides using internet and automated gadgets individually , people have also combine them as one device .
In the United State there are devices that can also help to connect the elderly to the doctor without having them to go to the hospital everyday .
For example , the elderly with Cardiovascular diseases can be attached  with an intelligent small device which is called a Chronicle system in their body to monitor their "heart rate , physical activity , body temperature and right ventricular (RV) pressure in them ."
(3) the results gathered by the device are transmitted to the doctors through a remote monitoring so that their health can be monitored even if they are at home or in the hospital .
Using internet and automated gadgets have helped to ease the aging process a lot .
Both the elderly and their family members can receive many benefits from technology .
As time passes , our aging population grows and so does our technology .
But as technology grows , it can provide us with more inventions that can help to ease the aging population process .
1)A Graying world , Peter G Peterson , 2001 , United State of America
2)Gadgets for grandpa tech tools to ease the aging process , www .Itbusiness .ca , 2008 , Canada
3)COMPASS-HF: Management with remote system effective , www .cardiologytoday .com , 2005 , United State of America
"We have an ageing population and the demand for elective surgery continues to increase , which provides us with a real challenge" .
(1) This famous quote by Australian politician Michael Wright not only illustrates one of the problems the government has to deal with an the aging population but also points to the pressure the aging population place on the medical system .
It appears that aging population has become the biggest and common concern for countries all over the world , especially those in Europe and Japan .
Many researchers have recently stated:" To a large extent , current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process" .
From my point of view , supported by many reliable online articles , I agree with the claim above .
The diverse obstacles associated with an an aging population creates lots of pressure , ranging not only from medical services but also to the education system too .
For instance: A survey conducted in British Columbia on the impact of aging population on social services shows that as the average age of citizens increases , so does the health care cost per capita .
(2) The government has to reserve a greater portion of the budget for taking care of the aged because they are more likely to suffer from ailments that almost always occur with old age (such as: diabetes , osteomalacia . . .)  .
Or let's take education as an example: when the majority of the population is old people , which means that the average age of a student in the university will increase .
Students tend to stay in the colleges longer and as a result , the cost on education will rise significantly .
It's also predicted that the cost on education in British Columbia will rise 40% between the period 1989/1990 and 2015/2016 .
(3)
On the other hand , the scientists keep giving out new technological inventions to help the elderly feel more comfortable and content with their ordinary life .
They present wireless and mini hearing aids to enhance the listening ability of  elderly as well as artificial limbs for them or walking sticks to aid them standing and walking around .More specifically , designed elevators used for the elderly  in wheelchairs are everywhere , which plays an important role in helping them to access higher levels in tall buildings .
The older they get , the worse their body organs function , which leads to the situation that they really need some help from inventors to retain their original life .
Without these gadgets and assisting tools , now they would suffer numerous and tremendous difficulties in communicating with other people or going around as well .
The next question that needs to be debated is: "How much money should the government spend on  medical care for the elderly ?" .
In my opinion , the government should use much more money towards taking care of the elderly  due to the following : Firstly , the aged are citizens who have contributed a lot of money to the National Treasury through compulsory taxes like land-tax , income tax . . .  therefore they deserve receiving more care from the authorities .
Secondly , as long as you take care of the elderly well , the average longevity of the citizens will rise significantly .
As far as we are concerned , many economists evaluate the wealth and development of a country not only by its wealth , but also on how the average longevity of its citizens is .
In conclusion , it's unassailable that: To some extent , current research have helped ease the aging process .
This mission not only lies on the scientists' hands but also require some support from the society in general , and the government in particular .
If the government reserve more money on the medical care for the elderly , absolutely they'll be more satisfied with their life .
That's the best solution in comparison with other inventions from the scientists .
Disability affects some people .
Aging affects all people .
As we know , people are living longer today than they used to , and this is resulting in a much larger elderly population than before .
Also , as we grow in to adulthood , many things start to change in our life .
Aging is an unavoidable process , beginning at conception and ending with death .
The process does not proceed at a uniform rate all over the body .
As we age , the organ systems of individuals age at different rates .
Our body gradually slows down in early adult life .
So , current research and development or policies in particular fields of science and medicine have helped to ease the aging process .
Technology can help the elderly with their hearing problem and hearing impairment is one of the five most chronic conditions of aging .
According to research , it is estimated that one out of three people over age 64 has some hearing impairment; this increases to almost one out of two persons over the age of .
But , nowadays , there are many assistive devices available for persons with hearing impairment .
That is what technology is !
For example , vibrating alarms allow older people with hearing impairment to wake from vibration than by auditory alarm .
Also , door knock alert allows older people with hearing impairment to see a blinking light rather than hearing an auditory "knock" sound .
As we know ,  chronically ill patients need to check in with a health-care provider every day and answer questions about their current symptoms allow for immediate intervention .
So , numerous telehomecare devices have been developed to allow health-care providers the ability to manage follow-up care of the chronically ill .
This technology allows patients to sit in the comfort of their own homes while health-care providers conduct routine and comprehensive medical monitoring procedures in their offices .
One example of this type of technology is Aerotel's Medical Parameters Monitoring (MPM) devices , which allow data to be stored for immediate consultation and treatment , as well as for future reference .
Other than those technologies used in developing devices to aid old people's hearing and illness , home , as we know is a very "important" to the older people .
They need a comfortable home for their retired life .
So  , there is a new technology in our modern world now  , Well@home Telemanagement System from Patient care Technologies ,Inc .
This Well@home devices has an interactive function similar to a bank ATM .
This technology reminds patients to take their medication; instructs patients through text , illustrations , and the spoken word on what , when  , and how to make their medication; ask patients if they would like to learn more about their medication; provide administrative , side effect , and storage information to the patient  etc . , .
This will help the older people a lot so that they would not to be "thrown"nto the old folks home because of their disability at home .
As the world goes on , Technology has been applied to public transportation in the development of Intelligent Transportation System (ITS) that enhance older persons mobility by providing better information before and during a journey .
[1] Many of the age-related reduction in function that contribute to driving cessation can impede mobility independence when using public transportation systems , The application of technology within an ITS can support deficits in vision  , hearing  , cognition , and sensorinotor function .
Technology in itself is not the only panacea to solve the aging global population .
So , there should be improvement in every field of study and research to ease the aging population and to enhance the quality of life for a global population that will double in size by 2050 .
[1] google research (technology use with public transportation)
Since the birth of human beings , our ancestors have gone through the 4 stages of life , namely birth , aging , illness and death .
It is a process that began when we were first born .
It is inevitable that we will eventually become old and vulnerable to problems and diseases that are associatede with old age .
Therefore , there is a need to improve the life of the elderly in order to ease the aging process .
It is not unknown that Scientists have been researching while governments are constantly improving development and policies for the elderly .
The current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Firstly , modern medical research is able to treat and cure deadly diseases that we were incapable of previously .
With the current advances in medical technology , we are able to remedy and prevent diseases more effectively .
Previous generations had no knowledge of illnesses like diabetes , hypertension and high cholesterol which leads to more severe problems like heart attack and stroke .
With modern research , medicine have been produced to assist in treating the problems .
The findings were used for the prevention of these illnesses , thus the elderly who are more prone to these diseases are able to take more precaution with their health .
We can cure and treat everything easily and conveniently but it is always costly .
In fact not many people can afford long term medical treatment especially for elderly who have either retired or have savings that are not enough to cover the expenses .
But on the other hand , policies are made to engage the potential financial problems .
For example , Medisave is made compulsory for Singaporeans to contribute part of their income into saving for medical use .
A minimum balance of $15 000 is required in Medicsave to prevent premature depletion which will be needed for future medical needs , more precisely during old age .
Also benefits such as national medical subsidy schemes have been introduced to subsidise the medical cost for the elderly .
The Elderly are given a subsidy of $360 annually for chronic diseases like diabetes , hypertension and high cholesterol .
These policies make medical treatment more affordable and less taxing to the elderly .
To summarize , with the current medical research , development and polices made by  scientists and the government , it has definitely slowed and eased the aging process that everyone will experience .
Although our lifespan have significantly lengthened from 60 to 65 year to 75 to 85 years in developed countries .
However ageing will remain the same for today and will not change at least in our time .
Regardless of country , race , language or generation , staying young , healthy and active is the dream of every person in this world .
From the birth of mankind , we have been searching and trying all means and ways to ease or stop aging .
This process or searching and examining has never ended , ever after decades .
This is even  more obvious  in this century , where the standard of living of the generation X has improved compared to the past .
They have begun to realize that their life expectancy is now much longer than that of previous generations .
Therefore , the demand for anti aging products and treatments to restore health and beauty has grown significantly .
Men and woman past the age of 40 feel more empowered than ever to take control of their bodies and redefine the aging process .
To ease or slow down the aging process is to have the ability to lengthen the lifespan of our youthful healthy days .
As such , life extension is the main concept that most companies are engaging in to target aging issues .
These anti-aging promoters from various nutrition companies are promoting their own brand of nutrition , in the form of diets or supplements , to extend lifespan .
These products use different raw materials and food processing methods , which they claim  is safe and effective for consumption , after rounds of testing .
However , mostly they work and agree on the same common theory , which is the importance of keeping a stable blood sugar level , achieved in part by managing the glycemic indices of food choices .
[1] An example of the 2 diets with different approaches and with some support from scientific research is the Palaeolithic diet and Caloric restriction .
An alternative to the use of nutrition products to ease aging process is the research and development of Cosmetic interventions such as skin treatments and plastic surgery .
They are widely used to mask the effects of aging , although they do not actually affect lifespan .
Some of these surgeries include skin resurfacing , eyelid surgery and Botox treatments , cosmetic dental procedures and many more .
In addition , Anti-aging creams such as "Olay" and "Loreal" is also getting more popular and commonly use by both men and women .
These are mostly moisturiser based cosmetic skin care products marketed with the promise of making the consumer look younger by reducing visible wrinkles , expression lines , blemishes , pigmentation changes , discolouration and other environmentally (especially from the sun) related conditions of the skin .
[2] Despite great demand , many such products and treatments have not proved to give lasting or major positive effects .
However , it is on the rise at many age levels and has been embraced by many age groups including teenagers .
Another issue connected with the aging process is the terror of memory loss .
According to one  research conducted by the Natural Marketing Institute (NMI) [3] , memory loss and losing brain capacity is the biggest fear of the aging baby boomer population .
Their research had shown that 52 percent of females and 36 percent of the males in United States has memory loss and losing brain capacity as their biggest fear .
Hence , research on means to prevent memory loss and increase brain capacity is essential and important in helping to ease the aging setbacks .
Currently in the market , thereare brain supplements such as "Prevagen" and "Essential Youth" [4]; products which claims to have remarkable formulas , which can help old people look younger , feel better , think faster , remember more clearly , thus enjoy their life again  .This is out in display in all corners of the shopping and healthcare centre .
These products were advertised with the support from TV artists and provide documentation testing from scientists .
When it comes to matters related to healthcare , research is never ending .
Scientists have also carried other studies and proposed other strategies of life extension .
Some examples will be the studies of Cloning and body part replacement technology .
They suggest that therapeutic cloning and stem cell research could one day provide a way to generate cells , body parts , or even entire bodies (generally referred to as reproductive cloning) that would be genetically identical to a prospective patient .
Others suggest Cryonics [5] , which is the low-temperature preservation of humans and animals that can no longer be sustained by contemporary medicine until resuscitation may be possible in the future .
However , these 2 researches involve debatable points in ethics and religion which need to be resolved .
Ethical and theological opinions of cloning and cryonics tend to pivot on the issue of whether this method is regarded as interment or medicine .
Aging is a process which cannot be stopped and it is going to be a much more critical  issue for mankind in the next decade , while the ratio of working adult and to the old is further reduced to one-one .
It is a problem that every country is facing , and if it is not properly dealt with , it will hold back the country's development and be an economic hindrance .
As such , in conclusion , the researches in medicines and other field such as technology and social policy is one of the  most importance issues currently .
With education , detail and proper planning now it will help to ease numerous problems that the country and family will face as the population ages .
According to the Singapore Department of Statistics (2008) ,  life expectancy in Singapore continues to increase .
The report shows  that the life expectancy of people is increasing with time  , which implies that the aging process is becoming  than before .
why if this tendency happening now ?
There are various fields contributing to this tendency , including science , technology , economics , government policies , medicine and psychology .
It can be argued that the development of technology plays an important role in this .
In conclusion , with the development of technology , the aging process will become slower .
Technology really helps the old a lot in easing the aging process .
Hopefully , the elderly will benefit  from the fast developing  technology .
Technology has vastly improved during the past century  and made life easier for the elderly around the world .
In the case of  developments in terms of Architecture , this has been true thus far .
In our current society , one which faces a graying population , Architecture has played an active role in creating a safe and greatly accessible environment for the elderly .
With better knowledge in Architecture , homes and places outside home are made user-friendly for the elderly
Moving around at a speed and mobility which they had decades ago was not possible , but Architecture has changed our homes in a manner which assured that the elderly can at least move around without facing many  difficulties .
Homes that are user-friendly to the elderly have features that allow the elderly to move around easily .
One such feature is having homes with only one floor built .
Another  such feature will be homes with wider corridors .
Both of the mentioned features allow greater mobility for wheelchair bound elderly or elderly who move around with the help of a walking stick .
The elderly have always been stereotyped as people who are prone to slipping and injuring themselves .
To ease such worries of the younger generation , developments in Architecture have the means to solve such problems .
In areas where the floors tend to be wet , such as the toilet , anti-slip tiles can be installed to induce greater friction even when the floors are wet .
Furthermore , grab bars can be mounted to the walls of the toilet to aid the elderly in sitting down or standing up .
In parts of the home where a staircase must inevitably be built , handrails or barristers can be built for support if the elderly wish to climb the stairs .
As the number of elderly that live alone rises , the government has seen the need to provide special housing for them .
In terms of Singapore , the government has decided to develop blocks of rental 1-room flats which have lifts that stop on every floor , an alert alarm to call for help in the event of emergency  , and support hand bars in the toilets and along common corridors to facilitate mobility of the elderly .
For the elderly who are able to better support themselves , they can choose to stay in rental flats or studio flats .
Besides homes , Architecture has made the community more user-friendly for the elderly .
New shopping centres such as Orchard Centre and Ion Orchard have elderly-friendly facilities such as ramps or ground floor entrances toilets for the disabled which are also user-friendly for the elderly .
At City Link , there are machines installed to maneuver wheelchairs up and down the stairs .
Architecture has raised the standards of living up to a point where even the elderly that have low mobility are able to move around as they wish .
Certainly , developments in the field of Architecture have helped to ease aging process .
Victor Hugo , poet and novelist , once said that "Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age"[1] .
Old age is therefore not the end of our life but a start .
There are many physical and mental ailments that often arise from aging , such as brain degeneration , discrimination from the public , social isolation and no sense of direction in life .
To reduce the negative impact of the aging process , it is therefore important to create a role model for the elderly , to eliminate ageism in the society ,  and ito improve detection of depression and encourage lifelong learning .
[5] The Graduate Psychology Education (GPE) Program , http://www .apa .org/ppo/gpe/overview .html
[6] Prem Lata Sharma , The future of the learning world , Sarup & Sons , 2006 , Lifelong Learning as nightmare , pg262-264
[7] http://www .brainyquote .com/quotes/quotes/g/georgeburn103932 .html
Fighting ageism is essential to ease the aging process of our society .
One way of fighting ageism is educating the people about the adverse effects of old aged stereotyping  .
In a study done by Levy and her colleague , older individuals with a more positive self-perception of aging  lived 7 .5 years longer than those with less positive self-perception of aging[3] .
Critics of this position feel that people should not be pressured to participate in lifelong learning  "for the good of society" .
[6] However , this is  as there are also many benefits that lifelong learning can  .
Engaging in lifelong learning can help build our body , mind and spirit to be ready for future challenges .
In a book "Learning Later , Living Greater" co written by Nancy Merz Nordstrom and Jon F .Merz , the authors highlighted the benefits presented with supporting case studies on lifelong learning .
[1] http://www .brainyquote .com/quotes/quotes/v/victorhugo103906 .html
[2] Kelly M . Jones; Susan Krauss Whitbourne; Stacey B . Whitbourne; Karyn M . Skultety; Identity Processes and Memory Controllability in Middle and Later Adulthood , Journal of Applied Gerontology 2009; 28; 582 originally published online Apr 7 2009
[3] Levy , Becca R; Slade , Martin D; Kunkel , Suzanne R; Kasl , Stanislav V ; Longevity increased by positive self-perceptions of aging , Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , Vol .83(2) , Aug 2002 , pp .
261-270
[4] http://www .nia .nih .gov/HealthInformation/Publications/depression .htm
The world's population underwent rapid growth in the 1950s and 60s .
This was the period of the post-war 'baby boom' as there was peace and stability .
Today , these 'baby boomers' form the majority of our population .
It is expected that by 2030 , about nineteen percent of the world's population will be over the age of sixty-five .
Indeed , this illustrates a concern for an ageing population .
However taking a look around us today , current research , development and various policies have evolved to an extent large enough to dismiss  concerns about a greying population .
These measures and policies  have greatly aided the elderly with their ageing process .
This is especially so in the area of social policies , namely government grants and healthcare benefits .
Other social policies established to help ease the ageing process include the Central Provident Fund .
This comes across as forced savings where members can withdraw their savings on reaching the age of fifty-five years , leaving a minimum sum in their retirement account .
From the age of sixty-two , members receive a monthly sum from their retirement account , ensuring they still have money left to fund their old age .
This social policy has helped many to remain self-sufficient in their elderly years .
Also , this has achieved the reduction of elder dependency by encouraging later retirement and longer working lives .
Such is an example of raising the eligibility age for public pensions and government incentives .
At the same time , when people work longer , they will be able to accumulate more wealth which they could use to support themselves in their old age .
In the area of healthcare policies , there are a handful of available measures which have essentially helped ease the ageing process .
Firstly , one such example is the Medisave fund , whereby a portion from a member's central provident fund is channelled into their medisave account where the money can be used to pay for hospital bills and certain medical treatments which are expensive .
This measure curbs elderly people's worry of escalating healthcare costs , which they find themselves more liable for in their older years .
Secondly , direct subsidies are given to government hospitals , polyclinics and some nursing homes for the elderly to ensure that basic healthcare services are made available for all Singaporean senior citizens .
The ageing process is made easier as worry about health issues and expenses are greatly reduced .
As illustrated , currently , many social policies exist which have become widely available .
These policies cater to the varying needs of the ageing population be it in financial terms or healthcare .
Today , the concerns involved with the ageing process  and a majority of people's concerns about a greying population have been dismissed .
The elderly are greatly aided with their ageing process through government grants , healthcare benefits and many other social policies made available to them to be easily utilised .
People today are able to  ease the aging process because of current research and development .
One area of focus is on psychology .
In psychology studies , scientists analysed human mental functions and behaviours and came out with solutions to help the elderly ease their process of aging .
[1]
Through research , psychologists found out that elderly people get depressed easily .
This is mainly due to ageism .
For instance , in the work place , some young adults develop prejudice and discrimination against the older people because they feel that the elderly are less efficient and no longer productive .
Therefore , the aging process  can be eased by helping the elderly develop a positive attitude towards life .
The elderly tend to think that they are incompetent and useless as they no longer contribute to society .
Firstly , life long learning  is emphasized to help them .
They can upgrade their skills by taking up enrichment courses like computer classes .
At the end of the course , a certificate will be awarded to them if they have successfully attained the skill .
This can boost their confidence in securing a .
Secondly , "a community work approach can change old people from passive clients into active and empowered individuals with a positive self-image ."
[2] According to one study , 20-25 percent of the elderly in nursing homes are clinically depressed .
[5] They often feel lonely and helpless as they have no one to confide in .
Now many community service clubs like NUS CSC have gathered volunteers to visit these elderly at least once a week .
In this way , the elderly can get involved in community activities which in turn make them look forward to the next session .
On the other hand , critics feel that these solutions can only help the elderly to a certain extent .
It only eases aging temporarily .
However , it is not true .
Easing the aging process is just about making them feel better .
As long as the elderly are engaged in their busy lives , they will actually feel not much different from the young ones .
For retired elderly , they may even feel better as there is no stress from work .
The saying goes: "You're only as old as you feel" .
The solutions from current research and development can help elderly people to feel young and create a positive attitude towards life , and to a large extent help to ease aging .
Caring for the oldcontroversial topic has been put forward .
It is about whether public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country's development .
As far as I am concerned , we should not limit the public spending on the aged .
The reasons are as follows: Firstly , put first thing first .
Secondly , cutting down public spending may arouse the complaints of the public .
Thirdly , limiting the public spending on the aged will surely increase the load over the youth .
Aging populations are a global phenomenon which affects economic growth , sustainability within families and public spending .
It is caused by declining fertility and rising life expectancy .
It reduces economic growth as the size of the workforce shrinks as more elderly people leave the workforce and less people are recruited into the workforce  .
Another impact is the sustainability of families , because there are far less children supporting far more elderly .
This results in severe financial stress for the working population .
Public spending  is also stressed to provide pensions , building infrastructureand healthcare catered for the elderly .
Therefore , Public spending for the aged should be limited because 
It is impractical for public spending on the aged not to be limited .
If it is not limited , then it will increase indefinitely .
Either other areas of public spending have to receive less funding  , or taxes have to be raised to allow for more funds to be spent on the aged .
These two solutions are both impractical .
Firstly , public funding on other sectors is also limited and cannot be reduced as they are equally important .
Housing and healthcare are basic needs of people .
The military is needed for the defense of the nation .
Public spending on technology cannot be reduced as it is a substitute for the decline in productivity of a shrinking workforce .
This is because , technology provides the automation and machines to increase productivity solving the problem of a shrinking workforce .
Secondly , the main income for public spending is from taxes , especially income taxes from the working population with services tax forming the largest proportion .
If taxes are raised substantially , it would  worsen the severe financial stress for the working population and adversely impact the consumer market .
Therefore , public spending on the aged definitely has to be limited , ensuring enough funding goes to other sectors such as education , military , technology , transport , housing , healthcare , sports , etc which are equally important so as  not to increase taxes for the working population .
The government should limit  public spending on healthcare for the aged , and the limit should satisfy the healthcare needs of all the elderly .
Healthcare has become more of a want rather than a basic need .
The government has to distinguish between needs and wants .
Needs are consultation and medication upon falling ill .
Wants are usually specialist services that perform detailed checkups to determine the underlying cause of the illness , analysis of patients' symptoms to predict illnesses they might contract and certain pharmaceutical medicines which act as supplements .
The wanted healthcare costs are significantly higher as specialist services and pharmaceuticals use high technology equipment and expertise .
Therefore , individuals should pay for what is wanted and only needs should be subsidized by the government  to reduce public spending on healthcare for the aged .
The government should also support healthcare costs for those elderly in families with financial problems as poverty  if basic healthcare is not provided to everyone .
The elderly are extremely susceptible to certain illnesses due to age .
These illnesses or diseases could be non-communicable or chronic which include cardiovascular disease , dementia and Alzheimer's disease , cancer , arthritis and diabetes .
Hence , self reliance such as retirement savings has to be in place first to allow the elderly to be able to pay for illnesses which they might contract later .
Otherwise , it would be a huge drain on government resources to pay for all their medical expenses .
In conclusion , the world should shift towards fostering an elderly friendly society that values their contribution and allows them to be part of the community .
It should also inculcate a strong sense of self reliance among the workforce to prepare them for their old age .
This would reduce their dependence on children or government to support them and not hinder the growth of other areas of the country's development  , as these other areas currently receive fewer funds due to the increasing amount of funds being diverted into helping the growing aged population . 
According to the definition from the Internet , "psychology is an {academic}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Academic] and {applied}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Applied_science] discipline involving the systematic , and often {scientific}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Science] , study of human/animal {mental functions}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Mental_function] and {behavior}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Behavior] ."
(Wikipedia , 2009) .
As psychology develops , it has benefitted human a lot , helping people know more about themselves .
Furthermore , current psychological research and development have indeed helped to ease the aging process by dealing with elderly depression , promoting life-long learning and eliminating ageism .
the old who haveIn conclusion , elderly depression problems are becoming less severe with the help of psychological consultation and treatmentent to equip the elderly better for employment , and ageism is somewhat eliminated by correct psychological perspective .
Current psychological research and development have helped to ease the aging process to a l
With the population of aged getting larger in society a big sum of money is involved in helping the aged .
If this huge amount of spending is reduced , but in turn , spent on other areas of the country's development , the wealth of the country can reach a  .
To many people , limiting the amount of money to be spent on the elderly can be perceived as being cruel to them .
However , it is necessary  to be realistic and pragmatic .
A country's development is the key element to bring wealth to the country , so as to improve the living quality of the future generation .
With sufficient funds , the country can spend on manpower , education , investment , construction and other aspects to aid in its development .
A well-developed country can bring wealth and boost the economy of the country .
With that , the citizens can get to improve their living standards and quality of life .
For that reason , spending on areas that serve the purpose of helping a country's growth is essential to the country .
If the government continues to splurge a lot in funding the aged , the country's capital would ultimately become unbalanced and would be insufficient to spend on the other areas , for instance , education .
Imagine a country  that has slower development in education .
In the near future , children in the country would have a lower chance to be educated .
With little knowledge and skills , the country would be poor and would not grow .
In a nutshell , a country's funding for both aged and young should be balanced out .
People need to be more practical and far-sighted to  consider the next generation in the country .
This can be done by building up funds for the country's development , while not overdoing funding for the aged .
The main focus should be on the country's development .
Therefore , public spending on the elderly should be restricted .
Public spending on the aged should not be limited because this is part of the country's development and social well being .
It is equally important as the other aspects of the country's development .
Some countries are experiencing an aging population , for example Japan , which is facing rapid change  , had a 5 .1%1 increase in aging population over the last 30 years .
This figure is expected to increase as more elderly  reach 65 years old .
Countries such as Singapore are also facing rapid aging population growth with a decreasing fertility rate  of 0 .31%1 over the past 7 years .
If this trend continues , Singapore will be second after Japan  .
An aging population  affects the country's economy because of the high retirement rate and the increased need for providing healthcare for the elderly .
therefore public spending should not be limited  because it is still part of the country's responsibility to take care of the aged population .
Secondly , as the country's aging population increases , health problems become one of the concerns for the elderly .
For most developed and developing countries , healthcare will become an issue .
As the cost of living increases , the cost of healthcare also increases  .
For instance , healthcare is an issue in the United States  .
Any healthcare cost will become a burden to the elderly as well as to their family members .
On the other hand , countries such as Singapore have policies which help the elderly to cover their medical expenses .
ElderShield plan , an insurance scheme , covers medical treatment expenses for severe disabilities especially for the elderly .
This will not be possible if a limitation on public spending on the aged is imposed .
However , a significant amount of the country's funds should be spent on improving the country's economy , which in turn creates more job opportunities .
For instance , during the current economic downturn , public funding should be diverted to developing more facilities , which will in turn improve ththe economy .
One example is the recent government project of the integrated resort , which will create job opportunities and attract people to spend money when it is completed .
If the economy of the country is not growing , it may affect  businesses  within the country , which in turn affects the employment rate .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be limited as they are still part of the country's development and social well being .
It is still part of the country's social responsibility to take care of the aged population .
As a Chinese saying goes , the aged population is actually a treasure to the country .
However a significant amount of funding should also be diverted to other  to stimulate the economy and help the country and its people to survive the economic downturn .
Note
1) Population and demography key indicator 2008
http://www .singstat .gov .sg/stats/themes/people/popnindicators .pdf
In conclusion ,  many technologies  have helped to ease the aging process by a large extent .
Aging would become much more difficult and uncomfortable without these technologies . 
One of the most challenging issues in the world now is  the ability to meet  the increase in energy demand .
Current resources like  fossil fuel , which is used to generate electricity , will eventually be depleted in a few centuries' time (Mitenkov , Kodochigov , Vasyaev , Golovko , Ponomarev-Stepnoi , Kukharkin & Stolyarevskii , 2004) .
One of the solutions to this problem is the Generation IV nuclear reactors .
Among all the proposed reactors , the Very-High-Temperature Reactor (VHTR) is the most suitable option in terms of its design (Mitenkov et al . , 2004) .
Although there are public opponents who do not wish for the nuclear reactors to be built due to potential threats , past incidences and cost , the Generation IV VHTR aims to overcome these negative aspects with funding for its research and development  .
Nuclear reactors are known to be a potential terrorist target .
This is one of the reasons why opponents among the public do not wish for nuclear reactors to be built .
However , according to Butler (2004) , the VHTR has the capability to decrease its own temperature should there be any accident , with minimum operators' involvement .
Therefore , the likelihood of reactors melting down because of terrorists shutting off the coolant to the VHTR is minimised .
Furthermore , terrorist attacks could also come in many other forms; one well-known example is  terrorist attack upon the United States on 11 September 2001 which did not involve nuclear reactors .
Therefore , it can be concluded that if terrorists are determined to destroy a country , they could still use different methods even if nuclear reactors are present in the country .
In addition , since terrorists know that there will be extra precautions taken to safeguard the nuclear reactors , it will be more difficult for them to sabotage the country by means of the nuclear reactors .
In order to make the VHTR  much less attractive as a target to the terrorists , funding for research and development is necessary  to develop simpler safety interlock systems and  materials which can withstand very high temperatures to build the reactor .
The public being nuclear-averse is also the result of the past accidents at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl in Pennsylvania and Ukraine respectively .
The former was caused by operators not being able to respond to a sudden shutdown of the reactor .
Moreover , the cooling system of the reactor was not properly set up; hence , overheating caused the reactors' core to melt and become severely damaged (World Nuclear Association , 2009) .
The VHTR can reduce the occurrence of this incident by incorporating a simple cooling system which does not need skilled operators (Butler , 2004) .
Thus , with careful , well trained operators and better cooling systems , the probability of accidents happening will be reduced .
As for the other accident which happened in Chernobyl , it was a result of operators , who were not well trained in operation and safety , operating on a reactor which was inadequately designed (World Nuclear Association , 2009) .
These factors led to 56 deaths by 2004 as a result of the reactors' explosion and therelease of radioactive materials into the surroundings (World Nuclear Association , 2009) .
It was noted that the explosion was due to the coolant used , which was water , turning to steam and thus suddenly increased the power produced and set off a nuclear reaction (World Nuclear Association , 2009) .
It was the inappropriate handling of this sudden increase in power which led to the tragedy .
In the case of the VHTR , the coolant will be helium .
Being chemically inert , helium does not influence the nuclear reactions with a temperature change or  .
Hence , power surges of the reactor will be minimized , resulting in a decrease in the probability of reactor explosion .
This goes to show that nuclear reactors have become safer for operation .
Although the cost of hydrogen replacing gasoline is huge , there will surely be more benefits to mankind due to  high efficiency .
According to Butler (2004) , approximately 400 nuclear power plants , each requiring about US$1 billion , need to be built in order to fully be dependent on hydrogen instead of gasoline .
In addition , research and testing work is required to look for materials which are able to resist the high temperature of the VHTR and the rapid impact of high energy neutrons in the reaction (Butler , 2004) .
Opponents may comment that the initial capital cost is very high , but the VHTR is able to produce 50% more energy than the typical reactor using the same quantity of fuel (Butler , 2004) .
This could help to meet  the rising energy demand .
Although there might be future technologies which will be better than the VHTR , this is not definite as yet .
Therefore , rather than wait for a new technology to fully emerge , we should continue to carry out research work on enhancing  feasible technology present now , which is the nuclear reactor .
Talking about the most serious accident ever in the nuclear power history , the 1986 Chernobyl Accident will come to everyone's mind (UNSCEAR , 2009) .
According to an authoritative report (WNA , 2009) , there are 56 deaths confirmed to be directly related to the Chernobyl Accident by 2004 .It is officially suggested that the Chernobyl Accident was the result of inadequately trained operators , a flawed design , as well as the lack of proper regard for safety (WNA , 2009) .
When talkingarchers pay more and more attention to aped psychology in the recent decades , people are wondering whether the use of psychology during the design process would have prevented some major en accident lwere confirmedhernhave beenyl Accident .
The psychology discussed in this essay is defined as (Merriam-Webster , 2009) "the science of mind and behavior in relation to a particular field of knowledge or activity [i .e .
safety of engineering design process here]" .
Evidence shows the use of psychology during the design process would largely reduce the chance of the Chernobyl Accident by raising the awareness of safety culture among the crew .
In this essay , two aspects where psychology could have been applied to prevent the accident will be talked about , they are: calling people's attention to the importance of safety and making people consider the safety of the complex high hazard system from a macro view .
Above all , applhave been payingg psychology during design process could make people pay more attention to thhave beenmportance of safety .
It is identified by International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in the post-accident report accidentsicient knowledge and awareness of safety through out the design , operating , and regulatory crew was one of the main causes that lead to the Chernobyl Accident (IAEA , 1992) .
Here are some examples that reflects the deficient knowledge safety of the crews .
For the design team , a few fatal design errors of the nuclewould havestem and reducedpossible consequences had been known long before the Chernobyl Accident , action was taken to correct these errors in the design process .
For the operating team , insufficient training of the operating st;ff caused a serious about the man-machine interaction .
And for the regulatory team , they underestimated the potential danger in the nuclear test and therefore did not provide necessary supervision for the test .
(James , 2009) All these had contributed to the painful consequence of the Chernobyl Accident , and could be prevented if psychology had been applied to make the crew more responsible and pay more attention to the nuclear safety .
as well as organizationalhumansthe safety of the systemwould have beenhave preventedmight otherwise have beenabut ofwassystems ,nature ,likeFurthermore ,r hand , not everyone agree with that applying psychology denough; psychology design process would have prevented the Chernobyl Accident .
There are mainly two rebuatstheagainst applying psychology .
First due to the wrong social peagreesif psychology and the social scienthe engineeringeople think psychology is only under the field of human arts and social science , which is totally unrelated to engineering , therefore they think there is no way applying psychology during the designing process will help to prevent those engineering accidents like this Chernobyl Accident .
Nevertheless , these people do not realize that those who designs , constructs , maintains , and runs the systems are all humans (Wilpert , 2007) .
Therefore a large part of the safety of the engineering systems lies on human activities .
Applying psychology in engineering can help to make people more mature , responsible , and careful while dealing with complex high hazard systems like the nuclear reactors , which will definitely reduce the chance of accident .
in order toThus ,processesareHumanshave beenwhich coulddue to a technicalpurelywerealsoIn conclusion , there is adequate evidence shows that the use of psychology later ,g the desiare process would havergely reduced the chance for the Chernobyl Accident , consideriwhy ,psychology could help tonorke people pay more attention to the importance of safety and consider the safety of the whole nuclear in the dhumans areocess .
Nevertheless , solely apping psychology during design process would not have totally prevented the Chernobyl Accident , because tinre are osolvingfactors that lead to the accident , for example , cultural factor .
It is confirmed by UN (WNA , 2009) that the Coldonasolation is one of tin direct cause of the Chernobyl Accident .
These factors cannot be helped by solely applying psychology duringae design process .
Nowadays , the scarcity of energy has increasingly become a severe problem .
Compared with other kinds of power generation , nuclear energy is relatively cost competitive and eco-friendly .
Thus , more and more countries have put the construction of nuclear plants on their agendas .
With the development of nuclear industry , the proliferation of the generation reactors will become a certainty .
among all the generation reactors , I believe the supercritical water reactor should be the most applicable for most countries , especially those developing countries without advanced technology and tremendous capital .
Firstly of the supercritical water reactor is not only very highly thermal efficient but also quite economical .
The construction cost , the supercritical water reactor is rather low .
Due to the simpler structure , many of the traditional Light Water Reactor components such as the coolant recirculation pumps , pressurizers , steam generators , and steam separators and dryers can be eliminated in the supercritical water reactors(Buongiorno & MacDonald , 2003) .
And as for material engineering , according to the corrosion and stress-corrosion cracking (SCC) susceptibility tests in supercritical water by scientists from MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) and the University of Michigan(McKinley , Teysseyre , Was , Mitton , Ki & Latanision , 2003) , two traditional austenitic steels (304L and 316L) can be used as high temperature components in the SCWR .
On the other hand , as for the Very High Temperature reactor , big safety provisions have to be considered to ensure its stability under high temperatures and a multitude of coolants are needed .
Since the coolant for the VHTR is aninert gas such as Helium which is not recyclable , a lot of energy and money will be required to separate it from air .
Moreover , a large amount of money needs to be spent to design and develop new related materials which can bear high temperatures , high{neutron}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Neutron]doses , and{corrosive}[HYPERLINK: http://en .wikipedia .org/wiki/Corrosion]operating conditionsinside the VHT reactor (IAEA 2004) .
In addition , it is very costly to build the VHTR because of its excessively complicated inner structure .
However , the SCWR can be installed not only withina shorter period but also by fewer workers , which will dramatically save the fixed costs of plant construction .
Thirdly , the Supercritical water reactor is more eco-friendly and safe .
Different from Light Water Reactors used around the world today , the Super Critical Water Reactor is more likely to slow down and catch 'fast neutrons' , which means it would burn less nuclear fuels in a more thorough way .
Therefore , less radioactive waste will be generated and need to be land-filled .
Thus , the time for breaking down nuclear wastes will be decades instead of millenniums after the SCWR is applied .
Further , compared with the VHTR , the primary and secondary coolant of the SCWR is  the same supercritical water which can be relatively easy to get and recycle .
In addition , because of the super enthalpy of supercritical water , more energy will be transplanted but less unexpected by-products will be produced , which will certainly decrease the risk of contamination to the environment and enhance the integral efficiency of transplanting , which will effectually reduce  carbon emissions by burning less fossil fuels .
To conclude , although some technical issues of the Super Critical Water reactor are still being researched ,  I reckon that the SCWR would be the most promising reactor against other generation IV ones , in terms of performance , cost , feasibility , and impact on the environment .
With the development of science and technology , the SWCR will not only be able to efficiently produce clean energy but also significantly address the severe global warming challenge today .
To further explore the potential of nuclear energy , the United States , Argentina , Brazil , Canada , France , Japan , South Korea , South Africa , Switzerland and the United Kingdom , have come together to form the Generation IV International Forum(GIF) .
(Butler , D 239) GIF's criteria for including a nuclear reactor design for consideration include: sustainable energy , competitive energy , safe and reliable systems and proliferation resistance .
( "Very High Temperature Reactors" , section 5) The Very-High-Temperature Reactor (VHTR) is one of the six generation IV reactor concepts proposed by the GIF .
The VHTR requires an operating temperature of 1000oC and high pressure with helium being the coolant  used .
(Butler , D 239) Critics have argued that the current nuclear plants in operation are susceptible to terrorist attacks and doubt that the plant is worth the high cost of funding .
Lastly , they are concerned with the safety level of the plant .
All these critics are against the funding and development of nuclear power plants .
However , I strongly support further research and development funding of nuclear reactor plants .
This is because nuclear reactor plants have many advantages such as being able to produce both hydrogen fuel and a large amount of electricity from a small amount of fuel at the same time .
(Butler , D . 239)
Ever since the 9/11 incident , protection of nuclear plants has been a heightened national priority .Yet , some anti-terror experts have commented that the current criteria do not protect the plant from a threat equal to the one posed by the 9/11 hijackers .
A report released by the Government Accountability Office even mentioned that it is critical of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) , finding that the latter has not increased standards enough to ensure plants are genuinely secure , but only as much as industry officials believe is necessary .
("Nuclear-plant security: Is it enough ?"
par .3)This has instilled a lot of fear in the citizens and they have no confidence in the security of the plants .
As such , they oppose the funding of nuclear plants .
On the contrary , the security problems of nuclear plants have already been tackled .
One solution is the "Design Basis Threat" (DBT) which specifies the severity of the attacks that has to be prepared for .
The NRC requires each nuclear plant to periodically conduct security exercises to test its ability to fight against the DBT .
("Nuclear Power Plants: Vulnerability to Terrorist Attack") Last but not least , the nuclear industry has spent more than $1 .25 billion in the upgrading of its security operations and the increasing of its armed guard force from 5 ,000 to more than 8 ,000 .
("Nuclear-plant security: Is it enough ?"
par .9)In conclusion , the security of the plant is now sufficient to repel  terrorists and therefore the funding of nuclear power plants should be supported .
The high cost of the funding for the development of nuclear plants has also met with much public discontentment .
They claim that nuclear power is uneconomical .
In the USA , since its beginning , nuclear power has cost the country over $492 , 000 , 000 , 000 , which is nearly twice the cost of the Vietnam War and the Apollo Moon Missions combined .
Since 1950 , nuclear power has received over $97 ,000 ,000 ,000 in direct and indirect subsidies from the federal government .
No other industry has enjoyed such a privilege .
("Some Important Facts about Nuclear Power ."
par .3)The high cost of nuclear plants is transferred to the citizens so they have to pay more on utilities .
Hence , they reject the idea of funding nuclear plants .
On the other hand , many differ in opinion .
Even though the cost of building a nuclear plant is very high , the operating cost is relatively low .
Therefore , nuclear power actually costs about the same as power generated from coal .
("Energy Resources: Nuclear Power .
")This means that  nuclear energy can be charged at an affordable price that is competitive to coal and gas .
In addition , nuclear energy , though expensive , can be produced in abundance to meet the ever increasing demand for energy .
In short , nuclear power plants should be funded as their benefits outweigh the shortcomings such as the high cost .
After the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island nuclear accidents , which took away many innocent lives due to the explosions as well as exposure to excessive radiation , people are now very concerned about the safety of  nuclear plants .
In Texas , the citizens have again succeeded in opposing  the development of two proposed nuclear reactors at the South Texas Project .
The opposition came about as the citizens are fearful that the environmental effects of radioactive compounds may lead to health problems if contamination or leakage was to occur .
("Citizens Gain Ground in STP Intervention over Water Concerns Atomic Safety and Licensing Board Panel Admits Four Additional Water Related Contentions for a Hearing") However , there is evidence to support the claim that the safety aspect of nuclear plants are up to mark .
According to the World Association of Nuclear Operators(WANO) , performance indicators show that the U .S . nuclear plants have managed to sustain  high levels of achievement in safety performance , industrial safety , unplanned automatic reactor shutdowns and programs to protect workers from radioactive exposure .
(" Nuclear Industry's Safety , Operating Performance Remained Top-Notch in '08 , WANO Indicators Show") Since the nuclear plants are now of higher safety standards and with agencies to regularly check on the status of the plants , the further funding of nuclear plants should be supported so that this safe and reliable source of energy can be made available to everyone .
In conclusion , I support the notion of  research and development of nuclear power plants .
Even though there may be problems and public opposition along the way ,  by bearing in mind three main factors , namely , the benefits of nuclear energy , the importance of a strong defence and most importantly , the importance of having a set of safety protocols , we are able to push the development of nuclear power to greater heights .
Thirty years after the Three Mile Island nuclear meltdown in the United States , nuclear energy seems poised for a renaissance .
The world can expect the number of nuclear power plants to double by 2050 , spreading across the Middle East and Southeast Asia , particularly in China , India , South Korea , and Japan (Butler , 2004) .
In 2008 , Kaplan (2008) reported that more than 40 developing countries have expressed their interest in launching nuclear power programs to United Nations officials .
The issue of whether developing countries should first handle unemployment and poverty in rural areas rather than provide huge funding to build nuclear reactors is still controversial .
Some argue that a nuclear reactor is too costly to build and that they should adopt other renewable energies instead of nuclear power (Totty , 2008) , while others argue that developing countries do not have enough skilled labour to cope with the  needs of building and operating nuclear reactors (Squassoni , 2009) .
Although there is much opposition to the idea of building nuclear reactors in developing countries , there is some evidence that building nuclear reactors , such as the Generation IV reactors , yields positive outcomes for these countries .
Opponents of nuclear reactors claim that building a new reactor can cost a country between $6 billion and $9 billion each (Totty , 2008) .
Although proponents of nuclear reactors agree with the fact that the reactors are expensive to construct , they argue that it is comparatively inexpensive to operate because nuclear fuel accounts for only 27% of the variable cost of a kilowatt-hour as compared to  alternatives like natural gas which accounts for 85% .
In fact , any new design of reactors today will be pre-approved for lower construction costs , which include the cost for decommissioning and waste management (Johnston , 2008) .
Furthermore , developing countries that have insufficient funds to build nuclear reactors can seek assistance from Alternate Energy Holdings (AEHI) that has offered to provide skills and funding in constructing nuclear reactors (AEHI , 2007) .
The Nobel Peace Prize laureate , Mohamed ElBaradei , proposed that these countries could alternatively construct hundreds of small-scale plants for a single town , each one built using a fraction of the cost used for a large-scale plant and without using expensive power grids (Bullis , 2005) .
Opponents also maintain that developing countries should adopt other renewable energies such as solar and wind energies rather than building nuclear reactors (Totty , 2008) .
However , despite the fact that studies show that the use of solar and wind energy is more economical than nuclear energy , opponents completely ignore the limitations of these energies in producing electricity for the decades ahead (Healthy Environment Alliance [HEAL] , n .d .) .
Moreover , solar power is limited to daylight hours and  there is no continuous supply of wind .
The International Energy Agency (IEA) forecasts that , even with continued subsidy and research , and a landscape full of solar panels and windmills , these renewable energies can generate only about 6% of the world's electricity by 2030 (Silverio , 2008) .
Thus , the key difference is that nuclear energy can supply electricity on a global scale .
The final argument advanced by opponents of nuclear reactors is that jobs created by nuclear power plants require highly skilled workers that developing countries , like China and India , are lacking .
As a result , opponents maintain that building nuclear reactors would not address the problem of unemployment (Squassoni , 2009) .
However , the research is inconclusive .
In fact , by 2010 , Asians residing in Asia will dominate 90% of all Ph .D . physical scientists and engineers in the world .
And among the Asian Ph .D . engineers and scientists , most will originate from China (Li , Whalley , Zhang , & Zhao , 2008) .
In addition , to better meet the demand for skilled workers , nuclear industries in the developing countries could set up on-site training centres that recruit and train the locals to work in the nuclear industry (Freeman , 2009) as each plant creates about 400 to 700 permanent jobs and 1400 to 2400 jobs during peak construction period (Nuclear Energy Institute [NEI] , 2009) .
In summary , developing countries should develop  nuclear reactors for several reasons .
First , nuclear reactors operate using cheaper nuclear fuel that accounts for only 27% of the variable costs of a kilowatt-hour .
In addition , a new nuclear reactor design will only be approved if it presents a relatively lower construction cost .
Moreover , if developing countries have insufficient funds , they can approach AEHI for financial and labour support but an alternative way would be building smaller-scale plants without the need to use costly power grids and thus incur lower costs .
Nuclear power is also capable of supplying electricity for the whole world as compared to wind and solar energy .
Besides that , developing countries like China and India have sufficient highly-skilled workers to contribute to the nuclear industry and the unemployment rate can also be reduced , as approximately 2400 jobs are made available in each new plant .
Therefore , in my opinion , developing countries should first provide huge funding to build generation IV reactors in order to combat unemployment and poverty in  rural areas .
Group issue: Should there be R&D funding for the development of SuperCritical Water cooled Reactors ?
According to Butler(2009) ,  researchers have been pondering on whether to use  nuclear funding for the development of generation (IV) reactors , which are projected to be better than the current generation (II) and (III) reactors , or to retain the nuclear funding for existing generation (II) and (III) reactors .
Moreover , for the generation (IV) reactors , there is a debate on whether to channel the funds for the research of SuperCritical water reactors (SCWRs)  , which scientists have claimed  would benefit mankind more in most aspects  like cost and efficiency compared to the other five generation (IV) reactors .
Although there are reasons that seem to support the funding of the SCWR , the development of the SCWR should not be funded as there are other factors like economic and social feasibility to consider before we can conclude that the funding for the development of the SCWR should be approved .
One of the many reasons given to support the claim for SCWR funding is that the SCWR is a combination of two proven technologies , which are Light water moderated reactors (LWRs) and supercritical-water fossil plants (Buoniorno , 2002) .
Supporters of the SCWR claim that the SCWR would have a reduced capital cost as a result of plant simplification and high thermal efficiency .
Although I concur with their view to a certain extent , they have overlooked the problem of the SCWR being capable of reaching the commercialization stage of an innovation (Rogers , 2003) .
The likelihood of the SCWR reaching the commercialization stage is low because even though the SCWR is the combination of two proven technologies , research is still required to merge the two technologies together .
Furthermore , the simplification of the SCWR involves the usage of materials that are either expensive , rare , or do not exist (Absolute astronomy , 2009) .
This reinforces the possibility that the SCWR cannot enter the commercialization stage of innovation , proving that there should not be funding for the development of the SCWR .
Another reason proponents give is thatthe SCWR uses water which is cheap and easily obtainable as a coolant (Butler , 2009) .
In addition , supporters of the SCWR also state that the SCWR takes up less space than current Generation (II) and (III) Reactors (MacDonald , 2003) .
I have to acquiesce to the two points raised by the supporters of the SCWR .
However , these two arguments  do not consider that both water and space are vital to mankind .
Although water is easily obtained and affordable ,  only 1% out of the 97% water available is usable (West , 2007) .
Thus , it is astute not to use water as a coolant because the world population is constantly rising , so there might be a possibility of water shortage .
This implies that funding should not be channeled for the development of the SCWR .
Instead , funds could be directed to the development of the Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) which utilizes helium which is not important for human survival as helium is not found in the human body (The Encyclopedia of Earth , 2008) .
In addition , although the land required to build the SCWR is less than for the existing reactors , the area needed to build a new SCWR would be better utilized as area for agriculture instead , especially in the future .
It is projected that in the year 2050 , there could be 9 .2 billion people in the world (BBC , 2009) .
This signifies that there will be a high possibility of a food shortage which is a more pressing problem than energy shortage .
Therefore , there should not be funding for the development of the SCWR as the SCWR utilizes two key ingredients for human survival .
The last reason that advocates  funding for the development of the SCWR  is that the building of the SCWR  could generate desirable jobs for the society (Nuclear Energy Institute , 2009) .
According to the Nuclear Energy Institute , the operation of a nuclear plant generates 400 to 700 permanent jobs and these jobs offer a salary that is 36 percent higher than average jobs .
Although this may be beneficial to society ,  after the completion of the construction of a nuclear plant , there would be job losses involved .
During the construction of a new nuclear plant , around 1400 to as high as 2400 jobs are created .
However , after the completion , only 400 to 700 jobs will be available .
This indicates that a job loss of around 1500 will be incurred .
Furthermore , the 400 to 700 jobs require personnel that are highly skilled which developing countries are unlikely to supply .
Therefore , the validity of generating desirable jobs needs to be redefined .
In a few more years ahead , the world's population will be expanding exponentially from around 6 billion people to approximately 10 billion people worldwide .
We speculate that the demand for energy in future will be greatly increasing for future development .
In order to support and supply the growing population , ten nations , namely Argentina , Brazil , Canada , France , Japan , the Republic of Korea , the Republic of South Africa , Switzerland , the United Kingdom and the United States , had formed the Generation IV International Forum (GIF) .
There are six nuclear reactors that are in research stage , and one of them is the Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor (SCWR) , which is the most ideal nuclear reactor in concept .
(NERAC and GIF , 2002) .
Nuclear power is the most prominent and reliable energy source today .
It is the energy of the future generation , and I support the use of nuclear power for alternative energy of the future .
First of all , nuclear energy is an environmentally friendly energy .
It is stable , reliable , and clean in which does not emit any carbon compounds and toxic pollutants to the environment .
Many people claim that the nuclear energy is unsafe to the environment and health .
It is true that the nuclear reactors generate radioactive waste , with high doses of these substances can kill and cause cancer to human .
Besides , these radioactive substances will pollute the earth and poison the living organisms on the earth .
However , nuclear power plants do not require any fossil fuel for combustion; therefore , there will be no emissions of carbon waste to the environment .
(NEI , n .d .) .
Using SCWR as an example , the generator is using water as the main coolant .
This definitely will not pollute the environment .
Secondly , most people are concerned about the safety of running a nuclear power plant .
The public resists to nuclear energy due to the aftermath of the incidents at Three Mile Island in 1979 and Chernobyl in 1986 .
It is a psychological effect on human , whereby the aftermath will result in opposition to nuclear energy by the public .
Nevertheless , we cannot deny the truth that scientists and engineers have actually thought about the safety precautions of nuclear energy system .
This is to make sure the risk of operating nuclear power plants can be minimized tremendously .
Nuclear power plants are to be designed , built and monitored carefully in order to prevent any accident to happen .
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) work together to govern of radiation emissions periodically .
(NEI , n .d .) .
There is also a safe storage for the waste to be stored up , namely the Yucca Mountain , Nevada .
Therefore , nuclear energy is safe to be used as an alternate energy .
Thirdly , for most people's impression , nuclear energy is way too expensive for the unworthy efficiency .
The capital cost of nuclear power plants construction is extremely high and it is increasing as years go by .
There are people who claim that nuclear energy is a mature technology , where it is definitely will not become cheaper in future usage .
Besides that , the management of the radioactive waste is expensive .
For example , Sweden has spent about $14 billion to manage its radioactive waste .
(Smith , Hargroves , Palousis and Paten , 2006) .
But in realistic , this idea is very unlikely .
There are studies shows that the production costs of the nuclear power plants have already dropped and the efficiency is high in long run .
It is the efficiency that saves time and cost .
With good maintenance practices , time and cost will be save and unplanned shut downs can be reduced .
For example , SCWR is a high efficient nuclear generator that will save a lot of cost when the maintenance is well-practiced .
The Chernobyl Accident , the most notorious disaster of nuclear history , took place on 26th April 1986 at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in Ukraine , and released a considerable amount of radio-nuclides over a large neighboring area .
Subsequently , various groups of experts from the nuclear and chemical industry investigated into this case , and some of them came into a conclusion that the most essential way to prevent such catastrophe from happening again lied in the enhancement of psychological education to people; whereas the others opposed that the main problem was actually the design failures of the plant , and the prevention could hardly be simply regarded as a psychological issue .
Those experts , who were against of the psychological point of view , further claimed that even though the human factors were all amended through psychological approaches , possible accident still stands a chance of happening .
They concluded that the actual primary causes of the 1986 accident were nothing but the engineering factors , and permanent avoidance of such accidents could only be achieved through more advanced technology development .
werewerethe effectiveness of psychological educationconstrainsometimestechnical faultsGrantedLast but not least , the political decision accounter primary factor we cannot ignore .
The accident happened in 1986 , which was during the Cold War (1945-1991) .
The political conflict , military tension , and economic competition with the United States urged the Soviet Union to produce weaponensurelutonium as much as possiIn additionalso as soon asactivation (FROT , 2000) .
Meanwhile , the budget ;as a main concern to the nation .
In that political environment , the safety issues tended to be ignored; to make it worse , rigorous demands such as large amount of order , short period of production and low budgerevealts were given priority .
Such political circumstanchave avoidedanged the nature of design process , and consequently , loosen the safety regulations .
In this cal aid is highlhave removedemand to awake decision maker to concern about safety first instead of pursuhave triggereditical advantages .
be concernedloosenedthe design processwasa low budgetforlimited timewithordershaving to fulfil largeBased on my reasoning of Chernobylfactort , it is evident that the disaster was totally the result of a series of human factors instead of purely hardware fault .
In recognizing the three main problems as the operators' unawareness , designers' misses of considerations and politicians'as much weapons-grade plutonium as possibled be highly appreciated as an efficient way to minimize the human errors , and thus to prevent such accident from happening again .
With the increasing demand of energy and the rapid depletion of currently available energy resources , nations are now trying to look for new , alternative ways of energy generation .
One of such alternative methods currently under consideration is the generation of nuclear energy .
Presently , thirteen countries have come together to set goals on nuclear energy generation research on six reactor designs; namely gas-cooled fast reactor , lead-cooled fast reactor , sodium-cooled reactor , molten salt reactor , supercritical-water-cooled reactor and very-high-temperature reactor .
the very-high-temperature reactorOf these six reactors , the forry-High-Temperature Reactor (VHTR) and the Lead-cooled Fast Reactor (LFR) are the more promising reactor designs .
The conceptual design of the VHTR will be the first to be defined and optimized by the year 2015 (OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009) , while LFR is , judging from the existing schemes , more feasible because of its low costs and good security features .
In compari ,on with the gas-cooled fast reactors the lead-cooled fast reactorttthe sodium-cooled reactor tthe molten salt reactorr the supercritical-water-cooled reactor
Both LFR and VHTR have their advantages and disadvantages over the other in terms of performance .
The VHTR will be operating at temperatures 900 to 1000 degree Celsius .
This high outlet temperature allows it to have high efficiency (> 50%) electrical generation and also givesalthoughhthe LFRbility to produce hydrogen (OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009) .
Even though LFR is estimated to have a comparatively lower efficiency in energy the LFReration than VHTR (Chand isn  , et al . , 2004) , it is more suitable in cmorecountries due to its flexibility in its scale of operation .
Currently , the reactor is envisioned to have 2 sizes: a small transportable system of 50 to 150 MWe and a medium system of 300 to 600 MWe .
(OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009) The small system design will be useful for providing energy for developing countries and remote communities due to its size .
(Idaho National Laboratory , 2007) Also , researches have shown that LFR will also be able to generate hydrogen (Bouchard , et al , 2008) .
Hence , it is evident that though LFR is predicted to be poorer in terms of efficiency as compared to VHTR , LFR seems more useful and suitable for many countries due to its other features .
the LFRthe VHTRthe LFRthe LFRresearch studiesMoreover2007) .In tethe LFR of cthe VHTR the LFR is likely to cost less than theVHTR .
For VHTR , the projected cost of building a prototype of the reactemperatures ofd $1 .1 billiodegreesler , 2004 , May 20) .
Also , the reactor will be using be highly efficientich is coin energylium is a rare gas in the atmosphere .
On the other hand , it is roughly estimated that the smaller plant of LFRthe LFRn be designed , constructed and operated for 15 years for less than $700 million .
the VHTRwn , 2006)Furthermore , lead is a commonly available element , and hence , it would be less costly than helium .
In addition , the development of small LFR will incur smaller research and demonstration costs , since the technology base can be applied to later FR concepts on building larger2009) .tors .
(Idaho National Laboratory , 2007) On the whole , it seems that lead-cooled fast reactors are much cheaper to build than VHTR .
the VHTRthe LFRresponse systeman offsite emergency responseMoreoveran LFR reactorUntil today , the designs of the reactors have not been fully conceptthose of the VHTRyet .
Hence , there are still uncertainties in the features of the reactors; it is not certain that LFR will still have thea higher possibility VHTR after the completion of designs of the plants .
However , from the theoretical point of view , after looking at the advantages LFR has over VHTR in theory , I believe that LFR will be a better reactor than VHTR with its predicted fleFurthermorelity in its scale of operation , low cost and better security .
Hence , more funds should be allocated towards the research of LFR .
Within the past half century , two major accidents at the Chernobyl and the Three Mile Island nuclear power plants have caused the public to have a negative view of the operation of nuclear reactors and also , the future of nuclear energy generation .
Presently , the most common energy source , which is  coal-fired power generator , has been causing detrimental effects on the environment by releasing tremendous amounts of greenhouse gases and subsequently causing a rise in global warming .
Furthermore , with increasing concerns regarding the future of our environment , there is also an increasing need to search for alternative sources of energy which would not cause as much harm to the atmosphere .
As a result , leaders of environmental organisations , such as Patrick Moore who is a cofounder of Greenpeace , are beginning to realise that nuclear power generation is one of the most secure , economical and environmentally- friendly energy sources available (Yousefzadeh , 2007) .
In 2001 , the Generation IV International Forum introduced six different generation IV nuclear reactor concepts which had been designed in such a way that when accidents occur , the damage will be contained (Butler , 2004) .
Out of the six reactor concepts , the Lead-cooled Fast Reactor (LFR) looks to be the most promising one .
With the past accidents in mind and considering the advantages that nuclear power has to offer , if sufficient research efforts are to be channelled to the development of the LFR , we humans can certainly benefit from it in the long run .
When the Chernobyl accident occurred in 1986 , thirty-one people were killed immediately and many more died due to the radiation-related effects of the accident ("Chernobyl Accident" , 2009) .
This accident , especially , had caused many to oppose the nuclear power system as they feel that the extent of damage incurred by such systems would be massive and unacceptable .
However , future thorough research and development towards the safe operation of nuclear plants may prove to be worthwhile .
For example , the accident which occurred on the Three Mile Island did not involve any deaths or injuries as the radioactive particles were successfully contained within the reactor itself (Yousefzadeh , 2007) .
This simply shows that with advanced technology , even if an accident-free nuclear plant may never be achieved , at least the technology incorporated into the reactor system would be able to ensure that radiation is contained in times of accidents .
In addition , LFRs are relatively safer as compared to other generation IV reactors due to the inertness of the lead coolant .
Lead is chemically inactive with air and water , ruling out the possibility of accidental fires and explosions (Wider et al . , 2005) .
Hence , with more funding directed towards the research and development of the LFR , it may one day become one of the safest forms of energy generator .
Critics also claim that nuclear power plants and nuclear waste can be potential terrorist targets as a great extent of damage can be done when the plants are attacked or exploited .
Therefore , a strict set of security procedures have to be put in place and the use of advanced technology should be incorporated into the security system .
Another factor to be considered is the sustainability of the LFR .
Critics of nuclear energy claim that nuclear energy generation produces a large amount of radioactive waste products and eventually , storage spaces will run out , making nuclear energy unsustainable .
However , a characteristic of LFRs is that they are fast breeder reactors that carry out nuclear reprocessing of nuclear waste .
With this reprocessing feature in LFRs , uranium and plutonium , which make up 96% of the nuclear waste , can be extricated and reused in the reactor (Butler , 2004) .
As a result , the final amount of waste product would be reduced to a very large extent .
In addition , nuclear reprocessing also increases the efficiency of the usage of uranium and hence makes nuclear power a sustainable source of energy .
Moreover , lead is abundant (The Lead-cooled Fast Reactor , n .d .) , and uranium resources can last us for the next 250 years or so (Wider et al . , 2005) , making the LFR an excellent reactor in terms of sustainability .
In conclusion , the LFR has much to offer to mankind especially in terms of safety , security , sustainability as well as environmental effects .
The LFR is a nuclear energy reactor that is environmentally friendly with zero greenhouse gas emission .
Furthermore , the resources required in an LFR are in abundance , making it a sustainable source of energy .
Most importantly , humans can benefit from the LFR in the future if thorough research and more developments are to be made on it so as to make it safer and more secure from accidents or terrorist attacks .
The public has been concerned about the danger of radiation leaks from nuclear plants , especially after the Chernobyl incident in 1986 when the massive radiation exposure directly caused approximately 250 deaths (WHO , 2005) .
The incident raised security concerns about nuclear plants becoming a terrorist target , where an induced meltdown in terms of present-day operating scale will have catastrophic consequences .
The US administration , though , has recognized the potential of nuclear energy and has committed US$40 million to support research and development (R&D) for Next Generation Nuclear Plants (NGNPs) (DOE , 2009) .
The very-high-temperature-reactor (VHTR) , with  and the extensive R&D conducted on it , has been selected over other reactor concepts such as the supercritical-water-cooled-reactor (SCWR) as the reactor choice for the US' next generation nuclear power plants (DOE , 2008) .
Federal funding should be channeled for the R & D of the VHTR concept as it promises enhanced safety and inherent security designs , in addition to a highly efficient production process .
An estimated 4000 cases of thyroid cancer cases in children were attributed to the radiation leak from the Chernobyl incident , with the long term effect of the radiation exposure expected to continue over the years (UNSCEAR , N .D .) .
The slow but fatal effects of radiation have made radiation leaks from nuclear reactors a major safety concern among the public .
The VHTR addresses this concern by using helium gas as the choice of coolant for the reactor .
The inert nature of helium means it will not react with the radioactive materials of the VHTR to become radioactive , eliminating a source of radiation in the event of a coolant leak (CHM333 , 2007) .
Another safety feature of the VHTR is the use of uranium fuel pellets multi-coated with graphite .
These reinforced pellets are extremely heat resistant and do not crack easily , so even in the case of a meltdown , the uranium pellets will be able to retain the radiation and fission products within its core with minimal release to the surroundings (CHM333 , 2007) .
Questions have been raised by opponents of nuclear power technology regarding the security of the fuel pellets , which are rich sources of uranium .
When extracted and processed , enriched uranium can become a key material for the manufacture of nuclear weapons .
However , the multi-coated uranium fuel pellets used in the VHTR require a temperature of more than 1600oC before the fission products within its core can be removed and this arduous extraction condition deters potential weapon proliferation using its radioactive core (GIF , 2008) .
In addition , unlike traditional reactors , the VHTR is designed to minimize fissionable material in its spent fuel by running the fuel pellets through the reactors for consecutive cycles until its fissionable material is exhausted .
The spent fuel pellets will then be safe for disposal and not pose a security risk should there be any intention from terrorists to extract fissionable products from it (CHM333 , 2007) .
Detractors of nuclear power technology also have doubts on whether nuclear power plants can match the cost effectiveness of existing coal and gas power plants .
However , NGNPs are not only capable of generating electricity like coal and gas power plants , they can also simultaneously produce hydrogen (GIF , 2008) .
This co-generation of electricity and hydrogen is made possible by the high operating temperature of up to 1000oC for the VHTR which allows for the efficient production of hydrogen by thermo-chemical processes .
Hydrogen fuel cells have been identified as the energy source of the future , so the capability to produce hydrogen gives NGNPs an edge over existing coal and gas plants .
By future proofing its technology , NGNPs can ensure their relevance to the power industry in the future .
Moreover , the high operating temperature of the VHTR also results in higher fuel burn-up ratio of the fissionable materials in the uranium pellets (DOE , 2008) .
With its highly efficient fuel burn-up , NGNPs will have a lower carbon footprint than coal and gas technology and at the same time , havingless radioactive material remaining in the spent pellets reduces the amount of radioactive waste to be treated , improving the overall process economy .
R&D work done on nuclear power technology to date has shown promising prospects to justify the US$40 million financial support from the US administration .
However , additional funding for the VHTR will only be available if both the US government and the public can be convinced about the viability of NGNPs replacing coal and gas power plants as the main supplier of US electricity .
To achieve this , the VHTR has to stay on track through sustained R&D work in the coming years so that it can meet its expected delivery deadline in 2020 (Butler , 2004) .
The world is encountering an unprecedented challenge which requires urgent global action to prevent the risks of climate change (Stern , 2008) .
To do so , the global greenhouse gas emissions have to be reduced by half relative to 1990 by 2050 , which means to reduce to less than 10 Gigatonnes of emissions (Stern , 2008) .
Many countries rely on fossil fuels as their source of energy and fossil fuel is known to be the major contributor of  greenhouse gases .
In the United States alone , greenhouse gas emissions mainly come from the burning of fossil fuels for energy use .
Energy- related carbon dioxide emissions from the combustion of petroleum , coal , and natural gas contributed to eighty-two percent of total U .S . anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions in 2006 (Energy Information Administration , 2008) .
By using the very high temperature reactor (VHTR) , hydrogen can be used as the fuel of the future to replace  fossil fuels .
In addition , more electricity will be produced with the help of the VHTR .
Therefore , for a better environment to live in , countries should support further research and provide large funding for the development of the VHTR even though the public is concerned with the cost and security of the VHTR .
VHTR plants are able to produce hydrogen for fuel using high-temperature steam electrolysis , which breaks apart the bonds of water molecules; this process is 50 percent more energy-efficient as compared to  existing hydrogen production methods (Svoboda , 2009) .
Thus , hydrogen can replace fossil fuels as a source of fuel .
However , until now , there is still no material that can withstand the high temperatures and pressures required for the VHTR to operate , and even if such materials are found , they might add millions of dollars to the still- unknown cost of constructing a VHTR power plant (Svoboda , 2009) .
The public is then concerned about the huge funding needed for development of the VHTR and thus feel that developing countries should first handle poverty and unemployment .
However , the developing countries will account for around eight billion out of a world population of nine billion by 2050 (Stern , 2008) .
and so they need to be involved in achieving global emission reductions .
In addition , poor people around the world also need abundant , affordable and modern energy .
1 .6 billion people in the developing countries do not have excess to electricity so they have to end their day earlier than those in richer countries due to lack of proper lighting (Bradley , 2009) .
With the VHTR , developing countries will be able to meet their energy demand and will thus lift millions of people out of poverty .
Therefore , similar to those rich countries , developing countries should also provide funding for the development of the VHTR .
The the VHTR is able to produce fifty percent more electricity from the same amount of fuel as compared with conventional plants (Butler , 2004) and is also able to produce electricity about forty percent more efficiently than most reactors in the United States (Svoboda , 2009) .
In addition , INL researchers also believe that nuclear energy will be important in maintaining the nation's electricity supply as  (Svoboda , 2009) .
However , given memories of the partial reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania and of the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , during which the reactor core exploded , killing some 31 people instantly and spreading radioactive debris across Europe (Butler , 2004) , the public is concerned about the safety of the VHTR .
Furthermore , the Department of Energy and the National Nuclear Security Agency found that reprocessing increases nuclear waste and the dangers of proliferation and terrorism (Lieberman , 2009) .
However , in actual fact , VHTR is able to function without having to rely on the reprocessing of plutonium waste (Butler , 2004) .
Nuclear reactors would then become less of a terrorist target .
The VHTR also has safety features to prevent core overheating and the release of radioactive material , in hope that these new approaches will eventually erase the memory of Three Mile Island and Chernobyl (Svoboda , 2009) .
Therefore , countries should provide funding for research and development of the VHTR .
Building of the VHTR means that countries will no longer need to depend on fossil fuels as a source of energy and the emission of greenhouse gases will also be greatly reduced .
In addition , the controversial reprocessing of nuclear waste will be solved .
Generating sufficient hydrogen to totally replace gasoline for  transport purposes would mean building more than four hundred nuclear power plants ,  (Butler , 2004) .
However , there are only 441 nuclear plants in the world today (Butler , 2004) .
It is evident that  countries should proceed with the research and development of the VHTR .
Developing countries should also invest in the development of the VHTR as satisfying their energy demand is essential for their economic growth .
Nuclear power has been a source of energy since the 1960s .
Nevertheless , the world has always been concerned about the safety and security issues of  nuclear reactors .
Thus , researchers have come up with generation four reactor concepts , hoping to ease the public's worries .
I personally support the molten salt reactor concept for further research and development based on the following factors: safe operation of the plant , global security and  cost efficiency .
Besides safety issues , the security of the nuclear reactors is another point brought up by critics .
The location of a nuclear reactor is to  terrorists an ideal bombing target .
In addition , in molten salt reactors , plutonium , a key ingredient of advanced nuclear weapons , is actually created during the process before it is reprocessed .
Critics fear that the plutonium might be stolen by terrorists to make nuclear weapons .
However , Idaho National Laboratory (2005) claims that the plutonium  remains in the salt and has high critical mass that makes it less desirable for use in weapons .
According to Butler (2004) , supporters are also positive that the plutonium obtained can be spiked with other chemicals or elements to make it  to steal .
This further supports the need for research and development on molten salt reactors .
As for  , the World Nuclear Association (2008) states that the basis of the design of the reactors assumes these threats .
There are sensors in the reactors that will shut down the entire reactor when there is any abnormality .
Having to incorporate all the safety and security measures makes the cost efficiency of the nuclear power plant  another concern .
The World Nuclear Association (2009) states that the cost of nuclear power generation has declined since the 1990s .
They also show statistics proving that although the construction cost of nuclear reactors is significantly higher , once the reactors are built , the nuclear generation cost is comparable to other energy sources .
In addition , Thornley (2009) claims that as compared to other energy sources ,   nuclear energy has the highest average capacity factor .
This means that nuclear power is the most efficient energy source .
Efficiency means lower costs .
Taking the MSR as an example , previous designs for the MSR used steam cycles for electrical production .
The current proposal uses the Brayton cycle which has advantages such as lower cost and improved efficiency .
According to Forsberg (2006) , there is a 4 percent increase in efficiency .
However , the MSR uses fluoride salt , which is more corrosive at high temperatures .
Thus , there are doubts about whether the MSR is a good choice .
Nevertheless , there is currently the carbon-based material which , according to Forsberg (2006) , is compatible with molten salt at high temperatures .
In other words , the corrosion will not be an issue .
In conclusion , I have to agree that the molten salt reactor is not perfect , but the benefits of the molten salt reactor outweigh the cons and supporters are optimistic about finding solutions to the problems , showing their potential .
This is proven from its low excess reactivity to decreasing maintenance costs .
Thus , I support the further research and development of the molten salt reactor .
A serious train calamity took place in Eschede on 3 June 1998 and claimed the lives of 101 innocent people while 88 were left severely injured (Sckhman , 1998) .
It was proclaimed to be the world's deadliest train accident .
Investigations proved that the derailment of the train was due to a single fatigue fissure in the wheel .
The steel tire had gotten loose from the wheel and was wedged in the rail carriages .
As the train passed two rail switches , the loosened tire knocked against a switch lever and pulled the train off the railway track , causing one of its carriages to crash into a bridge .
It is unimaginable that this minor fault is the main cause for this catastrophe .
At hindsight , it seems that this whole accident could have been prevented if more precautionary measures had been taken into consideration .
The numerous controversies over the actual cause of this accident revolve around the unsuitable design of the wheel , the inability and misconception of the conductor , the inadequate train repairs and the company guidelines for investigating the accident before addressing an issue .
After reviewing this accident , some experts have felt that incorporating a psychologist into the developmental process could have aided in preventing it .
This writer feels that the introduction of a psychologist in a team of design engineers would not have prevented the accident .
Nevertheless , the psychologist could have contributed to the design process by reducing the rate of accidents  .
A point to argue about is regarding the wheel design .
The train company , InterCity Expss (ICE) , had received complaints regarding the original train wheels causing serious resonance and tremors whilst travelling at high velocity .
Engineers resolved this problem by inserting a rubber damping ring between the wheel and the tire .
However , this design had never been used on high-speed trains before and thus failed to adhere to safety standards .
It is evident that had the engineers waited for the approval of the new wheels before  , this accident might not have happened .
A psychologist roped in to help the engineers may have been able to foresee this impending structural failure of the wheel and intervened before it was too late .
D . Fry (1998) ICE Tragedy Eschede , Germany 1998
Retrieved October 9 , 2009 from http://danger- ahead .railfan .net/reports/eschede/index .html
Darlow Smithson Productions (2000) Seconds from Disaster Season 1 , National Geographic
Retrieved October 9 , 2009 from http://channel .nationalgeographic .com/series/seconds-from-disaster/
Another point lies with the company and the conductor .
Company policy stated that thorough examinations had to be done before taking any necessary action .
This led to the conductor refusing to stop the train even after a passenger raised concern regarding a damaged coach .
In addition , even after the conductor had verified the problem , he still  refused to stop the train and insisted on adhering to company regulations .
It is shocking to realize that this unique policy that ICE complies with differs from the traditional 'stop and examine' one .
This accident could perhaps have been averted if the conductor had used his personal judgment and halted the train when an unexpected problem was discovered .
It must have been pressure from the organizational management that made the conductor follow ICE orders and refuse to do what was right i .e .
stall the train .
In part , it can be said that the cause of the accident was ICE for forming this rule and the conductor's erroneous judgment .
After conducting a root cause analysis on the accident , a psychologist could perhaps have aided the company by vetting the flawed regulations to grant train conductors the power to make an assessment to stop the train should they receive any complaints from passengers .
Yet another point is  a simple fault found in the train's wheel .
This brought forth attention to the frequency of maintenance checks carried out by the train company .
ICE had claimed that they had conducted checks on the train on a regular basis using conventional flash lights .
This proves that checks were only conducted on the external structure of the train and not on the internal hardware and sustainability of the wheels to support the train's weight .
It is evident that ICE was too complacent and did not use more advanced technology to maintain their trains .
The aid from a psychologist in this aspect would have been limited as it deals with technical equipment and the views of psychological design would not have been implemented in this field .
After various considerations , this writer concludes that only one factor cannot be blamed as the sole cause of the accident .
Instead , it was various factors working together to create a chain reaction which led to the dire consequences .
In this train accident , the problems began from the preliminary wheel design that design engineers came up with , to the insufficient maintenance of trains and the operation mode ICE used .
The aid from a psychologist would have been inadequate in preventing the accident as the majority of the causes for this accident dealt with technical  aspects that psychologists do not have experience in .
However , the psychologist could have contributed to the intangible aspects of the company's routine like spotting the mistakes engineers sometimes overlook .
Hence , with the help of psychology design , the rates of accidents may reduce drastically .
Resources
D . Schkman (1998 , June 3) .
Eschede train disaster .
BBC News
Retrieved October 8 , 2009 from http://news .bbc .co .uk/2/hi/europe/106269 .stm
D . Rolf (2000) .
ICE Train Accident in Eschede - Recent News Summary .
Vol .5 (2)
Retrieved October 9 , 2009 from http://www .ndt .net/news/2000/eschedec .htm
Public opposition regarding the issue of nuclear technology has been evident ever since the Chernobyl and Three Mile accidents .
People are mostly concerned about public health and safety caused by radioactive exposures .
In the case of Shoreham , the nuclear plant faced strong opposition from both the people and the government .
Although Shoreham had a license for nuclear power testing , the plant was fully decommissioned in the end in 1998 .
Light Water Reactors (LWRs) make up the majority of nuclear plants in the United States .
Uranium is the primary fuel source in these nuclear plants .
Unfortunately ,  .
In addition , nuclear waste repositories require geological isolation  .
On the other hand , the concept of fourth generation nuclear power addresses the issue of  .
They are capable of combusting nuclear waste and leaving a minimal volume of waste with insignificant half-lives , thus addressing the nuclear waste problem .
The Molten Salt Reactor (MSR) is a type of fourth generation nuclear reactor .
The coolant comprises  a molten salt .
The concept of the MSR involves nuclear fuel dissolved in the molten fluoride salt as uranium tetra fluoride .
As such , the fluid would be able to rely on fuel that is dispersed in a graphite matrix with the molten salt providing low pressure and high temperature cooling , unlike in today's LWR's .
Thus , the MSR has the ability to work at high temperatures , at low pressures and at high power densities .
At higher temperatures , most of the reactor heat can then be transformed into electricity which ensures complete combustion of the uranium fuel .
Operating at lower pressures reduces accident risk  and  in the event of an accident .
The MSR can be air-cooled , making it capable of using waste heat for water desalination .
The turbines have also excellent thermodynamic efficiency due to the relatively high temperature it functions at .
Secondly , unlike traditional LWRs , refueling of the MSR can be done while the system is still in operation .
Fission products are removed and new fuel is added to portions of the fuel at a time , drastically reducing the cost operating the MSR .
The Obama administration was initially opposed to the idea of the Yucca Mountain nuclear repository .
The amount of money needed to build a nuclear repository isolated away from civilization cost up to $25billion .
There are better methods of using this sum of money collected from taxes from its people to solve the waste disposal problem .
The government should exploit the funds available to develop MSRs .
These reactors are capable of consuming existing nuclear waste in the production of electricity , and prevent nuclear waste from accumulating .
Accelerated development of MSRs will result in the US  successfully managing the nuclear waste problem and revolutionizing an entire new level of carbon-free energy that can last longer than just centuries .
Furthermore , MSRs are up to 300 times more fuel-efficient compared to  LWRs .
They actually provide a bit more than what most scientists expect from fusion as an MSR can be built in small 1 .2MW electric units .
A 7 .4 MW thermal reactor was built in the 1960s and operated for years ,  .
MSRs are also much more efficient than  helium-cooled Very High Temperature Reactors (VHTRs) operating at similar conditions , in terms of electricity conversion .
Apart from that , MSRs are capable of operating for several centuries with only uranium that is already present .
Thus , the claim of nuclear fuel mining using up fossil fuels and adding to the greenhouse effect is unjustified .
However , the high temperature and corrosive operating conditions of the MSR require materials that exceed the limitations of current nuclear reactors .
Materials used for these reactors require high dimensional stability and most importantly corrosion-resistance , due to the molten salt of MSRs being corrosive itself .
Some materials that are suitable include nickel-base super alloys , silicon carbide , specific grades of graphite and refractory alloys , which are expensive in nature .
Hence , the cost of operation will not be as price-friendly as claimed .
Nevertheless , the introduction of MSRs still deserves strong support as they are likely to prove to be the best solution for improving energy efficiency and developing renewable energies .
Prompt development of MSRs is especially required for  countries such as China and India .
These countries are unable to satisfy their energy needs  solely  based on the current available avenues for energy sources  .
In conclusion , nuclear energy from fourth generation nuclear reactors is the best substitution for coal and natural gas .
Current emissions of carbon dioxide from automobiles and industries are furiously contributing to global warming .
We have already crossed the threshold of acceptable greenhouse gas emission levels .
Thus , preventing accelerated climate change beyond human control is of the greatest priority .
According to a study done by the Sunssex Energy Group based in the University of Sussex , the world's fossil fuel supply is currently dwindling and will be running out within the next 20 years (Walker , 2009) .
Moreover , the increasing emission of carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuel has been proven to be one of the factors  causing climate change (Jager , n .d .) .
These two major issues will lead to more people accepting the use of nuclear energy .
However , there remains doubt of the safety of nuclear reactors' operation and hence , the public might not fully  .
In order to make the nuclear reactor safer , cleaner and cheaper , the Generation IV International Forum (GIF) was established in mid 2001 to further research  the III generation nuclear reactors .
In late 2002 the GIF announced the six best reactor technologies which they believe  will become the future nuclear reactors .
The six technologies are the Very High Temperature Reactor (VTHR) , the Super-Critical Water-Cooled Reactor (SCWR) , the Molten Salt Reactor (MSR) , the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor (GFR) , the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor (SFR) , and the Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor (LFR) .
The few paragraphs below explain why you should support further research and development on the super-critical water-cooled reactor (SCRW) in terms of safety , security and performance .
The second reason are  security issues such as nuclear proliferation .
Nuclear power leads to potential security risks , as plutonium has to be separated out during the reprocessing of nuclear energy production .
Plutonium is a key ingredient of advance nuclear weapons .
Although the U .S .A . has decided to dump all the plutonium waste at  Yucca Mountain , the government never mentioned the level of safety that can be achieved .
Consequently , the public claims that nuclear power wastes create a high degree of proliferation risks and until today there is no solution for it .
Among the six generation IV nuclear technologies , only the SCWR and the VHTR do not require waste recycling .
In the super-critical water-cooled reactor (SCWR) system the waste recycling is optional , which means that the SCWR can operate without having to depend on the contentious reprocessing of plutonium waste (Butler , 2004) .
In conclusion , this technology is free of  proliferation risks .
Last but not least is the performance of the super-critical water-cooled reactor (SCWR) .
The SCWR is considered one of the most promising future nuclear reactors because of its high thermal efficiency .
The use of the multi-pass flows system in the SCWR allows the production of process heat on demand and improves the thermal efficiency .
The thermal efficiency of SCWR is about 45% , which is much higher than the generation III light water reactor of 33% of thermal efficiency (Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor (SCWR)) .
Moreover , the distributed fuel channels in the SCWR allow the system to optimize fuel bundles into each channel .
Thus , an appropriate fuel cycle , flow , cladding temperature and independent power distribution can be achieved , which ensures the stable and predictable performance of the reactors .
In conclusion , the super-critical water-cooled reactor (SCWR) has been proven to be cleaner , safer and better performing as compared with the generation III nuclear reactors .
In addition , to reduce the emission of carbon dioxide from  burning fossil fuel , we should now support further research and development for the super-critical water reactor (SCWR) .
The super-critical water-cooled reactor is the best future reactor to generate sufficient energy to fulfill the energy needs of the public .
Nuclear power is an energy produced from controlled nuclear chemical reactions .
Commercial plants in use today use nuclear fission reactions , which is a result of a large molecule breaking into its smaller fragments .
Nuclear fusion reactions are believed to be much safer than fission and appear potentially viable , though technically it is difficult to take place .
Fusion power has been under intense theoretical and experimental investigation for many years .
The atomic bombs dropped on the island of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan during the Second World War and Chernobyl Nuclear plant that caused two explosions in 1986 have raised eyebrows about thevastating effects of nuclear energy .
The Chernobyl disaster , especially , exposefission reactionsons of people to radioactive chemicals and has been linked to many for them torms of cancer in Eastern Europe and Russia , as well as destroying animals and plants .
These two incidents have highlighted the power of nuclear energy , which has caused so much controversy as to whether it has become a liability or a source of energy to the world .
Electric utility reactors heat water to produce steam , which is then used to generate electric energy .
In the Chernobyl nuclearworld's electricity came from nuclear power , despite concerns about safety and radioactive waste management .
More than 150 of such plants were built .
In this way , nuclear power has become an independent source of energy to meet the rising demand of a country and an increasingly growindestroyedopulation .
These reactors can also be used to split hydrogen from water thermochemically .
Many countries around the world that largely dependisd fossil fuels for their energy needs are betting on hydrogen as the fuel of the future , using fuel cells to convert the gas into electricity for cars and homes .
Research has been done by many countries to improve on generations of reactors , some of which are in operation now .
The latest theoretical nuclear reactor design has been drafted up by a consortium of ten nations that are planning the nuclear reactors of tomorrow .
The Generation IV reactors are expected to be available by 2030 .
These new plants would operate at high temperatures to improve their efficiency and they would include simplified safety features that rely on non sophisticated back up systems to eradicate any problems .
One such reactor that we could see in the near future is the Very-High-Temperature-Reactor (VHTR) , which allows for more efficient conversion of heat to electricity , up to more than half of what could be produced previously .
The problem of high operating temperatures is eliminated by using coolants that use inert helium .
Another important point to consider is that nuclear energy is not a source of carbon dioxide emission , unlike the burning of fossil fuels .
With the "greenhouse" effect and the environmental issue of global warming , nuclear energy has come at the right time to slow down the melting of the ice caps and stop the rise of sea levels .
will includewill operateAs much as there are many positive reasons to use nuclear power , many people still have their doubts about this source of energy , mainly due to the fact that they remembered the infamous Chernobyl incident and the atomic bombs of World War Two .
Any accidents could lead to widespread damage and nobody can afford another radioactive leakage which could signal thenergy demandof nuclear energy .
Despite a generally high security standard , accidents will , nonetheless , happen .
Technically , it is almost impossible to build a plant which is totally safe .
There is always a chance of the plant failing .
The consequences of an accident would be absolutely devastating for both humans and nature , as in the past .
have been the caseIn addition , the power plants , together with the nuclear waste , could be targets for terrorist attacks .
No atomic energy plant in the world could withstand an attaremember to the infamous 9/11 .
Such a terrorist act would have catastrophic effects for the entire world .
Researchers have not solved the problem of radioactive waste produced by plants .
This waste from nuclear energy is extremely dangerous and can be used for the production of nuclear weapons .
In carrying out the ERIS , many training courses and regular exercises are essential in order to make the nuclear worker able to deal with radiation leaks or other accidents .
These essential courses and exercises will cost a lot of money to carry out .
Besides the cost of training , money is also needed for introducing  advanced technology skillsas well as modern facilities and equipment into the nuclear power plants .
According to H .J .
Laue (1982) , a total number of 400 experts in more than 60 Member States as well as the advanced equipment cost US $10million .
This is a big amount and thus needs a consortium to raise .
However , there are many obstacles and contradictions in finding a big consortium to raise these funds .
Hence , the ERIS is not feasible enough to be carried out .
To sum up , theEmergency Response Information System is a effective system that protectsthe public if an incident happens .
However , it has to be improved on and developed more in-depth to ensure its safety and enhance its feasibility .
The countries that are developing this nuclear power (only five countries-China , France , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States) must make good use of the nuclear power as the energy source for people's daily use .
People will definitely not give up this nuclear power as it has a lot of potential as an energy source .
Therefore , developing a design to enhance the safety of nuclear power plants becomes a long-term project of the world .
Consequently , the nuclear power source will be extensively used by the public  .
Firstly , all stages of the nuclear fuel cycle involve potentially harmful effects on the environment or mankind due to the high reactivity , the radiation emitted by nuclear wastes and the huge heat dissipation during nuclear processes .
Any flaws in the reactor design or processes could result in disastrous circumstances .
For instance , the Chernobyl accident is still causing deaths years after the accident , with victims mainly dying from cancer caused by exposure to radiation from the highly radioactive waste products released after the massive steam explosion , which occurred due to system flaws , and a second non-nuclear explosion (International Atomic Energy Agency , 2006) .
A 2005 report entitled The Chernobyl Forum , prepared by the International Atomic Energy Agency and World Health Organization , attributed 56 direct deaths and estimated over thousands more deaths among the most highly exposed people .
Another example is the Three Mile Island accident , which occurred due to a partial core meltdown in one of its units (Corey , n .d .) .
The above examples illustrate the potential dangers of nuclear power due to its explosive and radioactive characteristics .
The radiation coming from the nuclear wastes will not only produce  instant harm , but also a long-term effect on residents in affected areas , spreading across generations .
Keeping that in mind , the gas-cooled fast reactor , one of the generation IV reactor concepts , which requires research on irradiation- resistance material ,  .
Furthermore , the need for research on heat resistance material and security in the various generation IV reactor concepts is also worrying in terms of the possibilities of nuclear accidents in the future .
Secondly , arguments are that nuclear power is the best alternative because of the characteristic of not producing combustion-related air- pollutants that will lead to global warming , and because of the huge power supply it provides .
In addition , nuclear power uses uranium , which is a scarce resource that is only expected to last for another 30 to 60 years , as fuel .
Therefore , uranium will soon deplete and we will need to search for a new form of energy supply .
Thus , the huge amount of funds pumped into research and development on nuclear power , which will not support us for the long run , is not cost-effective .
Moreover , renewable energy technologies are now expanding faster than nuclear power technologies (Natural Resources Defense Council , 2007) .
They are equally environmentally-friendly and the depleting of resources for renewable energy is of no worry since the reactants are renewable .
Last of all , one of the most promising and nerve-racking reasons is the risk of development of nuclear weapons in an era of transnational terrorism (Gaukler , Barnett , & Rosinski , 2002) .
Terrorism is one of the most troubling global issues in recent years .
The improvement in technologies of the nuclear power would also provide  in handling nuclear weapons , so any leakage of details could result in development of nuclear weapons , which in the time of translational terrorism is almost inevitable .
It is also worrying that nuclear power plants may be the target of attack for terrorists due to their destructive nature .
Therefore , there will be a higher risk of  nuclear warfare .
The result will be disastrous .
In addition , the need for research on security in various reactor concepts of generation IV is also disturbing .
To summarize , nuclear power has various  that could affect the well-being of our environment and health that cannot be neglected despite its numerous benefits .
In addition , there are better alternatives such as  renewable energy that will be able to support our energy needs in the long run .
Hence , the funds pumped into the development of nuclear power should instead be used in the development of renewable resources that are more cost- effective .
In Singapore , according to the Ministry of Manpower (2009) ,  about a total  of 11000 cases of fatal and non fatal  occupational accidents occur in Singapore and 60 people die in these accidents per annum .
The accident of the Nicoll Highway Collapse in  2004 , which is one of the most catastrophic accidents in the construction sector of Singapore ,  took away 4 lives .
According to the accident investigation report (Ministry of Manpower , 2005) ,  found that the main cause of the collapse was due to under-designing of the retaining wall which could not handle the stress of holding up the tunnel .
Although some people might think that the effectiveness of psychology in preventing accidents from occurring is controversial ,  I believe that the use of psychology during the design process could have prevented this accident from occurring .
Many people think that not only the Nicoll Highway Collapse incident , but also most of the major occupational accidents were unexpected and  mainly caused by errors in human judgment .
They believe that psychology could have done nothing to prevent the accident from occurring (International Labour Organisation , 2000) .
However , in certain aspects , accidents can be prevented if psychology is introduced to  during the design stage .
According to the Heinrich Domino theory ,  an accident is caused by the chain reaction of a series of factors .
Moreover , "Heinrich proposes that the removal of unsafe acts and unsafe conditions will prevent accidents , as  his research it was found that these were the direct or immediate causes of most accidents" (Singapore Polytechnic , 2008) .
In the United Kingdom , the approach of understanding human behaviour was used in a practical set of Human Factors Analysis Tools (HFAT) which was developed by Mr Ronny Lardner & Mr Richard Scaife .
This made significant enhancement in the steel- making , chemical manufacture and construction industry in preventing accidents at work .
Besides that , with this Human Factors Analysis Tools (HFAT) , the originatorsalso won the Occupational Psychology Practitioner of the Year award in  2006 (Division of Occupational Psychology , United Kingdom , n .d .) .
In conclusion , although accidents are unexpected , it is possible to minimize and preventthem from occurring  by using the psychology approach in design processes .
It has also been proven to be effective in accident prevention as the MOM has made an obligatory requirement that all work sites must employ a Work Site Safety and Health Officer before the commencement of a project (Singapore Polytechnic , 2008) .
30 years after the Three Mile Island accident , and 23 years after the Chernobyl disaster , the horrors and fears of a nuclear reactor meltdown might have died down considerably .
But the general public is still cautious about accepting nuclear power as a viable energy source .
Although we should never forget the painful lessons of Chernobyl and Three Mile Island , we should also be open-minded about the possibilities that generation IV nuclear reactors brings .
Of the 6 generation IV reactors earmarked for further development , the gas cooled fast reactor design is both innovative and dedicated to becoming an efficient and sustainable nuclear energy option .
According to a recent US poll , a significant 44 .7% of the respondents think that nuclear is somewhat dangerous or very dangerous .
And they are not wrong in thinking that , given However ,t the radioactive uranium used as fuel is inherently dangerous , being extremely lethal to human health and polluting to the environment .
To address the safety concerns of the public , this design envisioned many safeguard systems .
A NEA report stated that a 'three barrier pbringle' will be implemented , and there will be 'cladding at fuel levels; vessels and primary circuit' .
This means that the radioactslatedar fbecomel be well contained by three separate layers of shielding material , greatly reducing the chances of leakage .
Furthermore the report emphasized the employment of 2 separate and redundant heat removal systems .
One is a passive system that uses natural convection while the other is an active system that uses circulators to pass the gas through the reactor core .
The coolant will be helium , an inert gas that is much safer than the sodium liquid used in sodium-cooled fast reactors .
A major constraint of nuclear power is the tricky issue of waste disposal .
Nucleanuclear energy productions need to be stored in deep geological repositories for thousands of years .
Hence the treatment of nuclear waste will be a major public concern .
A key feature of the gas cooled fast reactor is that it is a fast neutron reactor that fully recycles actinides .
According to 'Nucthe designgas cooled fast reactorincludes published on Nature , '96An of spent fuels consist of uranium and plutonium' in other words more fuels can be generated if the wastes are to be reprocessed .
In the gas cooled fast reactor , radioactive byproducts are recycled and the waste eventually produced will only be a fraction of that produced by reactors with once through uranium fuel cycles .
In addition , as the design is a fast neutron reactor , it produces excess neutrons which can be used to transmute the nuclear waste to isotopes of shorter half-lives , reducing the toxicity of the waste .
This design also addresses a security concern of nuclear waste reprocessing .
Currently , in the logistics of reprocessing , nuclear wastes are transported to reprocesHence ,facilities which recovers the urisnd plutonium before sending them to another mixed oxide fuel (MOX) reactors to be burnt as fuels .
This involves frequent transportation of highly dangethe article , 'Nuclear Power's New Dawn' , over long instances .
This exposes a security risk as an accidentplutonium'; in other words ,dioactive materials or a hijack can send these ials into the hands of terrorists .
However a report by Hussein Khalil from the Argonne National Laboratories in USA envisioned 'an integrated , onsite spent fuel treatment and refabrication plant' .
This essentially obliterates the security risks involved in transporting radioactive wastes and allows security efforts to be focused on plantintotself .
the plantLastly , this design is commthetted to becoming asurroundingustainable form of nuclear power .
Contrary to popular beliefs that nuclear energy is renewable , uranium is actually a rare element that carecoverleted .
In this aspect , the gas cooled fast reactor is attractive as it boasts higreactorciency in converting heat energy into electricity than conventional nuclear reactors .
This is achievable by running the reactor at 850 C , a temperature that is kept in check by the helium heat removal system .
The higher efficiency if this reactor design together with the recyclHowever ,wastes , meant that the same amount of fuel will produce electricity mathe USAtenvisionsthan the conventional reactor .
that produced by themany times more the electricityIn conclthe gas cooled fast reactor advantages of the gas cooled fast reactor looked extremely promising .
It addressesbeliefblic's concern about safety with a very comprehensive safeguard system .
Although nuclear waste remains as problematic , it is reduced to a minimum .
Above all , it shows the potential to be sustainable , an advantage that can allow it to be built on a large enough scale to shoulder a significant portion of the world's energy needs .
Therefore its research and development should supported and properly funded so that one day it can reach its full potential and alleviatemeans of the world's energy problems .
The Generation IV International Forum (GIF)  , a research and development group organized by ten nations to carry out research on the next generation of nuclear concepts , is identifying and selecting six nuclear energy systems with a variety of reactors , energy conversion systems , and fuel cycle technologies .
With GIF's nuclear technology , the concerns of the public mentioned above would be addressed .
Among the six generation IV reactor concepts , the most advanced concept is the VHTR (very high temperature reactor) which is a more efficient way of converting heat energy to electricity and which can provide 50% more energy from the same amount of fuel compared with other conventional nuclear plants .
Hence , with VHTR technology , nuclear energy can be a very reliable energy source for electricity in many countries .
Regarding nuclear power plants , the safety features of the plant is the greatest concern of the public .
There were nuclear accident hazards all over the world  a few decades ago; for example , the reactor core explosion at Chernobyl in Ukraine killed many people , with two people dying in the initial explosion and other deaths resulting from radiation poisoning (Gramling , 2009) .
The VHTR system has its own safety features such as a very high system temperature , enhanced goals for safety and reliability , low decay heat load , low power density with  and so on (Idaho National Laboratory) .
The core is composed of non-combustible nuclear grade graphite which has a very stable structure even at high temperatures and high heat capacity .
Thus , the possibility of explosion due to the very high temperature becomes extremely low .
Moreover ,  additional safety features such as how to minimize  damage and protect lives if an accident occurs will also be developed further (Lee , 2005) .
Another concern regarding nuclear power plants is how to dispose of the nuclear wastes which are long lasting , radioactive and toxic .
As the VHTR operates at a very high temperature , there are fewer wastes to reprocess than those of other systems .
Moreover , the reprocessing will  96% of the nuclear waste produced , which consists of plutonium and uranium , and only about 1% of long lasting elements are left as residue .
There are also additional steps of processing to convert those long lasting wastes into elements with shorter half- lives , i .e .
they may take just centuries to decay instead of more than 300 ,000 years (Butler , 2004) .
Hence , nuclear waste disposal will not be a great concern in the future .
Nuclear terrorism has always been a threat to the world since the sudden attack on Hiroshima in 1945 .
The VHTR is carefully designed to discourage weapon proliferation and to increase assurance that  are very unattractive and are the least desirable route for  ,  .
Moreover , the plutonium , which is the main ingredient of advanced nuclear weapons , produced from the nuclear waste cannot be picked up safely with a pair of gloves like pure plutonium as it is spiked with radioactive and heat-producing elements to make it easier to handle .
Hence , it would be harder for terrorists to steal or use the material  .
Since the VHTR is still undergoing research , the earliest delivery will be in 2020 (Butler , 2004) .
Further security features can be added before the delivery time .
With the  security system developed ,  nuclear terrorism can be prevented .
In conclusion , in view of the increasing global need for more energy globally , nuclear energy will become essential in the future once issues such as safety  , waste management and potential exploitation of plutonium proliferation by terrorists areaddressed .
This , in fact , has become possible after the development of the VHTR which incorporates  features that minimize the risks of accidents and enable safer disposal of nuclear waste .
Therefore , research for VHTR technology should be funded for further development to reach its optimal potential .
In our modern technological society of today , people make substantial use of electricity for their daily needs .
In the United States alone , people use close to 4 million  kwh of electricity daily .
In addition , as society grows , the demand for such energy grows as well .
The usage of fossil fuel as a fuel at power plants is projected to increase by 44 percent from 2006 to  .
In this new dawn , nuclear power is a new technology set to replace fossil fuel .
With promises of lower cost , less waste and a safer alternative , it may seem that nuclear power with the introduction of generation IV reactors such as the super-critical-water- cooled reactors is the next generation of power plants .
However , these promises are revealed to be empty promises if one looks deeper into the issue of nuclear Power .
Therefore , support of further research and development funding for nuclear power should not be continued .
With regard to safety , it has been reported that there are more cases of fatalities for coal powered plants than their nuclear counterparts .
In the last 40 years , 6400 individualshave died due to coal power plant related accidents while only 31 have died in nuclear powered ones .
Therefore , it is claimed that nuclear plants are a much safer choice .
However , we cannot ignore that Murphy's Law will still hold .
There will be a point in time when there will be an error which could result in an accident in anuclear power plant one day .
This single incident will have catastrophic effects and the fatality rate will be  substantial  .
In the Chernobyl disaster alone which happened on 28 April 1986 , 47 people died on the spot with 4000 more who subsequently died from cancer .
The effects of the incident are still greatly felt today with the radio activeness of the area still at a record high despite three decades of clearing up .
Hence , we only need one nuclear accident to cause the kind of damage  a coal plant would take more than 50 years to cause .
Further to what has been pointed out , nuclear power will also evoke security issues in the region .
While used as a a form of deterrence , it is also seen as a threat by neighbouring countries .
This will lead to an arms race which might inevitably cause some conflicts in the region .
An example is the nuclear program of Iran .
Iran has developed its nuclear program as form of deterrence and to build up national pride .
However , many neighbouring countries see these reasons as an excuse for the building of nuclear weapons so they feel threatened .
Hence , many conflicts have resulted .
From this , we can see that nuclear power  brings issues to not only the country which is developing it but other neighbouring countries in the region as well .
To conclude , with so many flaws in the claims of benefits from supporters of nuclear energy , it will be a wiser choice to delay if not stop further research and development funding for it .
The price for a small mistake in the pursuit of nuclear energy is too much for mankind to pay .
Alternative sources of energy should be considered instead .
Electricity has become an important component of the human world since it is needed to power and sustain technology .
However , since a large amount of electricity is needed , commercial power generators have been built to convert  fuel into electricity .
While there are many types of fuel that can be considered , coal has been the popualr choice .
Another option , which is nuclear energy , had been explored with moderate success but currently only holds a 17% share as a global energy supply (Butler , 2004) .
However , development of the technology used by nuclear reactors are still on-going with the recent introduction of Generation-IV nuclear reactor concepts , one of them being the molten salt reactor .
The molten salt reactor , while not exactly a new idea , has resurfaced after the introduction of the generation IV concepts of nuclear reactors .
The major draw in continuing the research of molten salt reactor is its potential to make converting electricity from nuclear energy much safer , more environmentally friendly and more economically viable as compared to current reactors .
One reason that impedes the continuation of research of the molten salt reactor is the general caution on the issue of nuclear waste proliferation .
A key step in current nuclear power generation , which is separation of the by-products in the nuclear reactor wastes , would yield materials usable in the creation of highly destructive weapons .
However , the design of molten salt reactors allow for on-site reprocessing of the reactor waste , followed by a direct feed of the recovered and reusable fuel back into the energy generating cycle (Uhlir , 2007) .
This will ensure that the majority of the fuel is burnt in the process , leaving very low levels of remaining enriched fuel that can be extracted for use for the manufacture of nuclear weapons .
The  alternative to replacing coal is arguably the use of solar or wind energy .
This will alleviate the current problem of emission of greenhouse gases from the burning of coal , but unlike nuclear energy , solar and wind energy is highly dependent on the weather , making it unreliable .
The heat and high amount of electricity generated by the molten salt reactor , on the other hand , can be said to be constant and can be further tapped into for the production of hydrogen (Duffery , 2005) .
The hydrogen produced by the reactor will have further uses as fuel for other systems where its combustion will not produce any greenhouse gases .
The continual research of the molten salt reactor will also result in the use of nuclear reactors being more economical compared to the current situation .
For example , the amount of uranium currently mined from the earth's surfaces have been approximated to last for another 100-200 years as fuel for the reactors (Lightfoot , Manheimer , Meneley , Pendergast , and Stanford , 2006) .
Molten salt reactors can also use thorium as fuel , reserves of which are estimated to be four times larger than that of uranium (Duffery , 2005) .
However , since the fuel is expected to be close to , or completely , burnt up in the molten salt reactor as opposed to the case for current reactors , this higher level of fuel efficiency can drive the duration for which the uranium reserves can sustain the global energy comsumption longer than estimated .
The increase in fuel efficiency will reduce operational cost since there will be less need for storage of long life radioactive waste products .
In addition , considering the development of advanced materials in the further research of molten salt reactor , the actual amount of materials needed in the building can be reduced , thus reducing overall cost .
For example , by replacing the stainless steel commonly found in reactors with other alloys that are equally strong or alloys that are stronger and more durable , and that do not use nickle , the cost of building the reactor can be reduced since the price of nickle has been increasing in recent times (Busby , 2009) .
While the use of nuclear energy raises some concern in terms of security and cost , the continuous research of molten salt reactors can address these concerns through the recycling of fuel and the use of a different variant of fuel .
However , while the research cost of a reactor is very high , this can be solved through the cooperation of more countries , especially the larger  countries like China .
In the long run , one of the benefits of using molten salt reactors would be that it can meet  energy demands while maintaining a clean environment .
In the recent two decades , whether to adopt nuclear energy as a sustainable source of energy has become one of the heated arguments in the world .
scientists state that coal and fossil fuels on earth are depleting at an alarming rate and would be running out in the next century .
Nuclear energy has thus emerged as one of the most viable solutions .
However , due to the strong oppositions from the public about the safety of nuclear power plants , many countries are caught in the dilemma of whether they should build a nuclear plant or not .
It is indeed true that a country must not ignore the safety factors of building a nuclear plant .
However , in the current situation where there are no better alternatives , nuclear energy seems to be the most suitable energy for the future and therefore one of the generation IV reactors , the lead-coaled fast reactor , should be adopted as the solution .
Firstly , the argument raised by most opponents is the safety issue .
They declare that the nuclear reactions which may be termed as nuclear fission and nuclear fusion are extremely dangerous and even fatal to human beings .
The Chernobyl accident in 1986 was a reminder of the importance of  safety .
30 people were killed (mostly by high levels of radiation) during the accident and many more were injured or adversely affected .
It was indeed a disastrous accident which subsequently made nuclear plants appear to be scientific devils .
However , the reactor used in fact lacked some basic engineering provisions for safety , probably due to technological constraints at that time .
However , with advancements in science and technology nowadays , the level of danger of the nuclear reactors would be minimised to the lowest degree .
The generation IV reactor , the lead-coaled fast reactor , is the safest one among the four being proposed .
It is operated under low pressure which means that the nuclear reactions are less vigorous .
In addition , the operating temperature allows a range of 550 to 800 degrees .
This medium range of temperature increases the functional capacity of the reactor as compared to those which only operate at a fixed temperature .
On top of that , lead which is used as the main source is a less reactive metal compared to sodium for sodium-coaled fast reactors .
Therefore , safety is ensured to the greatest possible level .
another opposing view is that the cost of building a nuclear plant is rather high .
They insist that fuel is still a cheaper source of energy than nuclear power reactors .
The fact is , however , the other way round .
Gas-fired power plants are very cheap and quick to build , but  very expensive to operate due to the cost of their fuel .
In contrast , nuclear power reactors are expensive to build but relatively cheap to operate .
It might take millions of dollars to build the lead-coaled fast reactor , but once it is constructed , it will be operating at a reasonably high capacity over many years .
Furthermore , the cost for mining out and transporting  coal and fuel is also very expensive due to their scarcity whereas the sources for nuclear power plants are much cheaper since plenty of uranium can be extracted from the earth's crust .
The abundance of uranium on earth also means that it is a more powerful way of generating electricity .
Most importantly , the waste generated by the lead-coaled fast reactor can also be recycled and thus there is virtually no pollution to the environment .
Hence , in the long run , it is more economical to adopt the lead-coaled fast reactor which is also an environmentally friendly source of energy .
The final argument advanced by opponents is that there are other  sources of safer energy such as solar energy and wind turbines , so there is no need to adopt the nuclear power reactors which are still untested .
Recent research indeed shows that the sun is a variable source of energy .
In addition , thermal energy can be stored in a system so that solar energy will still be available even at night .
However , can we really solely rely on  ?
What will happen during the rainy seasons and will there be enough solar energy to sustain our daily usage ?
The answer is most probably not .
We would still have to rely on other sources when solar energy runs low at times .
On the other hand , unlike solar energy , the provision of nuclear power by lead-coaled fast reactors does not depend on weather or location .
As long as the nuclear sources such as lead and uranium are provided , energy will be generated .
Therefore , the lead-coaled fast reactor is a more efficient and reliable energy source .
All in all , with the depleting sources of coal and fuel , lead-coaled fast reactors will be the most likely alternative energy source in the future .
With advanced technology and engineering designs , the safety of nuclear reactors will be ensured  .
It is also a relatively economical and yet efficient source of energy .
Therefore , such  nuclear power reactors should be adopted in the future as a promising source of energy .
The world depends largely on external energy to operate all activities in the society .
The world's main energy resource , which is  fossil fuel , is slowly depleting .
As a result , there is a need to depend on  alternative energy resources to satisfy our high energy demands .
Nuclear power has proven to be an effective energy source as it can generate electricity efficiently to satisfy the world's energy needs .
However , there are many controversies over the use of nuclear power , and many critics criticize its use .
Some of the gravest concerns that are widely mentioned are safety , costs and  performance .
Safety issues raised by past nuclear accidents still strike fear in the public's heart .
An example of such an accident is the "the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , during which the reactor core exploded , (killed) some 31 people immediately and (spew) radioactive debris across Europe ."
[1] The high cost of building nuclear plants is also a main concern .
Articles have shown that many experts agree that nuclear power costs significantly higher  relative to the other major energy sources .
[5] Moreover , there are still many doubts about whether nuclear power has a competitive edge over other  energy providers in terms of performance .
With all these concerns on the use of nuclear power , it seems that nuclear power poses more of a problem than a solution as a beneficial energy source .
However , with the building of generation IV reactors such as the VHTR , problems that the old generation reactors faced will be greatly reduced , making nuclear power a viable energy source .
[7] (2009 , Sept) Renewable Energy and Electricity {http://www .world-nuclear .org/info/inf10 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .world-nuclear .org/info/inf10 .html]
In conclusion , nuclear power is most preferred as an energy source in terms of its performance and efficiency .
In comparison to older generation reactors , Generation IV reactors will have better safety and cost effective features .
The VHTR is one of the best generation IV reactors , making it one of the most reliable energy providers in the future .
Hence , further research and funding for the VHTR will definitely benefit the future generations .
Reference [1] Butler , D . (2004 , May 20) .
Nuclear power's new dawn .
Nature , 429 , 238-240 .
[2] Dae Hwan Lee(2005 ,Dec 6) The safety characteristics of VHTR ,10-11 .
{http://nuclear .tamu .edu/~burchill/609/Class%2027/Lee%20GEN%20IV%20safety(VHTR) .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://nuclear .tamu .edu/~burchill/609/Class%2027/Lee%20GEN%20IV%20safety(VHTR) .pdf]
[3] HTGR Cogeneration Design & Assessment Group What is VHTR Cogeneration System {http://www .jaea .go .jp/04/nsed/naht/en/intro/cogene/cogene_3 .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .jaea .go .jp/04/nsed/naht/en/intro/cogene/cogene_3 .htm]
[4]Ken Schultz (2003 , Apr 14) Thermochemical Production of Hydrogen from Solar and Nuclear Energy , 12-13 .
{http://gcep .stanford .edu/pdfs/hydrogen_workshop/Schultz .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://gcep .stanford .edu/pdfs/hydrogen_workshop/Schultz .pdf]
[5] Mark Clayton (2009 , Aug 13) Nuclear power's new debate: cost Issues of safety and waste make way for a focus on funding .
{http://features .csmonitor .com/innovation/2009/08/13/nuclear-power%E2%80%99s-new-debate-cost/ Cost}[HYPERLINK: http://features .csmonitor .com/innovation/2009/08/13/nuclear-power%E2%80%99s-new-debate-cost/%20Cost]
[6] Paul Vos Benkowski & Bonnie Urfer (winter 2007-2008) Unplanned Shutdowns Highlight Inefficiency of Nuclear Power {http://www .nukewatch .com/Quarterly/20074winter/page2 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .nukewatch .com/Quarterly/20074winter/page2 .pdf]
In conclusion , the Very High Temperature Reactor would be the best nuclear reactor concept to implement .
Whether it is about safety  , cost or performance level , the VHTR is a notch above its peers such as the SFR  .
The VHTR's potential as the best nuclear reactor is recognized by many countries like France , Japan and the United States of America .
It is given the most funding and research attention by these countries .
Future world energy consumption is well taken care of .
Nuclear energy sources have various benefits over other energy sources .
Firstly , a nuclear power plant is more cost effective to operate as compared to other energy sources .
For example , although the start-up cost of building the VHTR plant is very high , which is up to US$10 billion  , it is cheaper as compared to other fuel , such as bio fuel , in the long run .
This is because hydrogen gas is produced during the nuclear reaction process(Burthler , 2004) .
Hydrogen gas can be used as a fuel to power vehicles .
Consequently , many countries have regarded VHTR as the energy source of the future , because it produces hydrogen gas as a complimentary energy source that is reusable .
the reactor can separate hydrogen gas from water thermodynamically during the nuclear reaction at an extremely high temperature of about 700-900 degrees celcius(Burthler , 2004) .
Additionally , according to the economics concept , there is less third party cost incurred by others if nuclear power is used instead of other fuels .
It is also relatively cleaner to the environment as compared to other sources of fuels .
Thus , the sum of all the variouscosts of producing nuclear power is relatively lower than  other sources of energy .
Thus , further improvement should be made to the VHTR to increase its efficiency .
Secondly , a nuclear reactor , especially the VHTR , produces less waste as compared to other  energy sources .
It is known that a large percentage of the greenhouse gases present today is due to the use of petroleum and  combustion of fossil fuels .
The burning of fossil fuels also produces other waste products that are harmful for the environment .
On the other hand , even though the VHTR produces nuclear waste which will emit harmful radioactivity , the industry has come up with effective ways to dispose of the nuclear waste .
One such method is to bury the nuclear waste in the ground .
Research has shown that the radioactivity that is produced by the nuclear waste under the ground is equivalent to the radioactivity emitted by  cosmic rays .
Thus , humans are safe from the radioactivity produced by the nuclear waste .
That is , nuclear power , especially that produced by the VHTR , is a much cleaner source of energy to the environment , so further research and development should be done on it .
In essence , nuclear reactors , especially the VHTR , are more cost effective in the long run as compared to other energy sources .
In addition , nuclear energy is less harmful to the environment and it is safe to humans .
Moreover , it has been shown that the VHTR is 40% more effective in producing energy as compared to  other sources of energy .
Thus , in my opinion , more funding should be provided for  research and development to further improve the production of nuclear power , and the research should focus more on the VHTR .
The usage of nuclear plants to generate electricity has been a controversial issue since decades ago , due to the disastrous incidents on Three Miles Island and at Chernobyl , which have resulted in major health issues caused by radiation exposure .
The public  has been rejecting the construction of nuclear plants due to safety concerns .
However , as technology has evolved with time , the Generation IV power plants are better in terms of security , cost and performance .
Hence , more people are accepting the usage of nuclear energy .
In 2008 , a survey showed that the number of Americans that supports nuclear energy has increased from 10% in 2001 , to around 50% in 2008 (Jones , 2009) .
Half the public is still opposing the usage of nuclear energy .
One of the main reasons stated by the opposition is that nuclear plants consume uranium and produce nuclear waste , which could be used to manufacture nuclear weapons .
Furthermore , the nuclear waste emits radiation that is harmful to humans and the environment .
However , these situations can be prevented with Generation IV molten salt reactors .
The molten salt reactors are capable of recycling the nuclear waste to produce more electrical energy , so the waste created from the recycling process will not be available for creating nuclear weapons .
This process also helps to prevent the existing practice of spending large amounts of money  to store the nuclear waste .
In addition , the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has set up necessary guidelines for  governments to ensure the highest level of security for their nuclear facilities .
The Generation IV plants are built to shut down automatically in the event of a meltdown or terrorist attack (Butler , 2004) .
To prevent the escape of radiation which resulted in the Chernobyl incident , the new plants are built with shielding that can prevent radiation from escaping into the surroundings in case of a meltdown .
Opponents have also argued that renewable energy sources are better sources of energy as theyproduced cleaner energy when compared to nuclear reactors , which produce radiation and nuclear waste .
In addition , renewable sources are also unlimited , whereas uranium will last another two centuries at most (Fetter , 2009) .
Thus , they believe that governments should spend the money on research for renewable energy instead of nuclear energy .
On the other hand , with the technology of Generation IV reactors , the radiation and nuclear waste can be eliminated .
Furthermore , the electricity produced from renewable sources like solar energy is measured in Mega watts per hour , while the electricity produced from nuclear plant is measured in Giga watts per hour , so one thousand times more energy is produced .
In comparison , the biggest solar power generator located in California is able to support half a million users , less than two percent of the city population (Wolff , 2007) , while a single nuclear plant is able to provide electricity for a few cities .
The vast difference in energy produced supports the funding for research in nuclear energy .
Another issue is that uranium is finite like fossil fuels .
By allocating more funds into the research of nuclear energy , scientists can look for possible alternative elements to fuel the nuclear plants .
Another reason mentioned by the opposition is the extremely large amount of money spent on research and construction of nuclear reactors .
Every year , governments that are supportive of nuclear energy have spent billions of dollars on it .
In 2008 , the United States Government increased their budget allocation for nuclear energy and the research and development for Generation IV power plants to twenty-five billion dollars (Barnett , 2008) .
The opposition has stated that the power generated is not worth the cost , as the cost is accumulated from  .
However , in the long term , the power generated will be worth the large amount of money , as the usage cost from nuclear plants is lower than the usage cost from fuel plants .
Furthermore , no greenhouse gas is being produced .
It is definitely worthwhile spending more to protect the environment .
In conclusion , governments should support further research and development on nuclear energy as the security concern regarding nuclear waste can be eliminated; moreover , nuclear plants are the most efficient energy source and the cost of nuclear energy is the cheapest in the long term  .
With further funding on the research , humans will be able to produce energy  in the long run without damaging the environment .
robotic surgical technology is a prototype and a new breakthrough in the field of engineering and medicine .
It enhances surgical procedures through improvements in dexterity and precision .
The robotic system uses fine , precise robotic arms and its three dimensional high resolution computed image guides the surgeon during an operation .
This advanced dexterity and precision of operation will eliminate the need for large incisions on patients .
CNN international Health News 24 September 2009 "Landmark in Surgery , Past , present and future" {http://edition .cnn .com/2009/HEALTH/09/23/future .surgery .robots/index .html#cnnSTCOther1}[HYPERLINK: http://edition .cnn .com/2009/HEALTH/09/23/future .surgery .robots/index .html]
{Robotic Surgery: Part 1}[HYPERLINK: http://roboauto .ca/ ?p=851] ,2 and 3 , by Jamessowden .
Tuesday , August 18th , 2009Effective Technical Communication {http://roboauto .ca/ ?p=851}[HYPERLINK: http://roboauto .ca/ ?p=851]
However , although the initial clinical outcomes are positive , safety is a major factor why the robotic surgical system still remains fearful to the public .
Safety concerns involve technical credibility , surgical liability and operation performance .
Even though there is no guarantee that the robotic surgical system can absolutely ensurethe safety of patients , the design of the robotic system can nevvertheless improved to enhance safety .
Currently , the robotic surgical technology has not been widely accepted by the public mainly due to its uncertainty in safety .
During an operation , the condition of the patient is unpredictable;  many tasks and decisions need to be made involving the surgeon , the nurses and the robotic system .
For example , when tools are changed , the robotic system needs to be paused in order to replace a surgical tool .
During this process , the surgeon has no direct access to the situation; the system relies largely on verbal exchanges between the nurses and the surgeon to coordinate the surgical procedures .
The differences in perspective  with respect to the patient's condition and the robotic system create safety issues , mainly due to the potential of miscommunication .
In order to enhance safety , a common ground needs to be built through ensuring similar speech patterns .
Therefore , communication between surgeons and nurses can be improved by the sharing of a common set of statements and ideology .
Although the robotic system has improved greatly in its dexterity ,  its full potential in terms of instrumental design and sensory sensitivity has yet to be developed .
This poses uncertain dangers during an operation .
According to Zorn (2009) , no credible system is currently available to assess the capability of a surgeon while operating the robotic surgical system .
Dr Kevin Zorn recalled an incident where a patient died from complications after long hours of operation using the robotic surgical system .
In order to improve the system's safety , the future of the robotic system can be expanded using ultrasound and infrared .
More ideal mechanical surgical tools are to be developed .
In addition , the surgical equipment occupies a large space which may restrict the movement of nurses and cause delays during an operation .
miniaturizing the equipment will help address the problem and also save cost in making room for the accommodation of this expensive equipment .
Reference List
Khurshid A Guru , Director , Robotic Surgery , Assistant Professor of Surgical Oncology , University of Buffalo , Roswell Park Cancer Institute , NY , Asia Medical Forum 2007 {http://www .asiamedicalforum .com/PDF/KA_Guru .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .asiamedicalforum .com/PDF/KA_Guru .pdf]
Seung Hyun Jeon , M .D . , Ph .D . , Sung-Hyun Jeon , M .D .
and Sung-Goo Chang , M .D . , Ph .D .Department of Urology , School of Medicine , Kyung Hee University , Seoul , Korea , Cancer Research and Treatment 2005 .
{http://pdf .medrang .co .kr/paper/pdf/Crt/Crt037-01-07 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://pdf .medrang .co .kr/paper/pdf/Crt/Crt037-01-07 .pdf]
Chicago (Reuters) Health News , Thursday 17 September 17 2009 , "Medical societies push standards for robotic surgery" By Debra Sherman .
{http://health .yahoo .com/news/reuters/us_surgery_robotics .html}[HYPERLINK: http://health .yahoo .com/news/reuters/us_surgery_robotics .html]
During the past few years , there have been discussions on whether nuclear power plants should be built or not .
For the past few centuries , most of our electricity has been generated from coal , fuel or oil refineries .
However , as the population increases , there is a higher demand for electricity , so more raw resources such as fossil fuel have to be used .
Recently ,  the rate of depletion of fossil fuel has been increasing , leading to a higher electricity cost .
As a result , more people are turning to nuclear power  as a solution to the high electricity cost .
However , before we change to nuclear power  , there are some factors we need to consider .
The factors which would be discussed are  cost , security and performance .
Some of the reasons why people are opposed to the idea are  the high construction cost and level of danger of nuclear power plants .
However ,   because of the lower electricity cost and the ability to meet the world's demand in the future .
Despite  opposing views ,  further research and development funding for the Very-High-Temperature-Reactor (VHTR) should be encouraged .
The second factor is security . .
According to Bulter (2004) , the public has highlighted the accidents which occurred in 1979 at Three Mile Island and in 1986 at Chernobyl  .
Some of the reasons that these accidents occurred are due to poor technology at that time .
However , in the case of the generation IV reactor , it has been claimed that there would be a security feature called the "Meltdown" Proof which would reduce the temperature to a minimum in the event of an accident .
As technology advances over the years , we can foresee that the chances of accidents  occurring will be reduced .
Thirdly , in terms of the performance factor ,  Bulter (2004) claims that the VHTR could squeeze 50% more electricity from the same amount of fuel compared with conventional plants .
Engineers have agreed that in order to reach such efficiency , higher temperatures would need to be generated , thus causing a higher chance of accident .
Once again , this could be resolved by the "Meltdown" Proof mentioned earlier .
In conclusion , we can see that even though there are some disadvantages of the nuclear power plant , it is still beneficial to the public if we  operate it in the long run .
The advantages of the nuclear power plant outweigh its disadvantages .
The Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) is one of the six generation IV reactors which need to be developed .
The six generation IV reactors are the vision of the future of the Generation IV International Forum (GIF) .
GIF looks at the future with nuclear reactors in its mind , because it believes the current coal-burning source of energy would not be sufficient for the world's need by 2050 (Butler , 2004) .
In addition , GIF believes the coal- burning is contributing to global warming by  carbon dioxide (CO2) into the air .
The six generation IV reactors are believed to be able to replace coal mines .
These six generation IV reactors are still in the testing and research phase .
GIF is researching them in terms of their safety  , their cost effectiveness and their effect on the environment because these are the public'sconcerns about them .
First of all , the safety factor of  nuclear reactors has been highlighted over the past decades by the nuclear-averse public .
This is due to  memories of  past accidents involving the partial meltdown of nuclear nuclear reactors .
Looking back at a few decades ago , there were two accidents which brought the world's attention to the importance of safety in the nuclear reactors .
In 1979 , on Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , there was a malfunction in a cooling system which caused part of the reactor core to melt and some radioactive gas to be released into the airwas , fortunately , not enough to cause any radiation dose  .
In 1986 , at Chernobyl , Ukraine , a flawed reactor design that was operated by untrained personnel and without proper regard for safety , exploded and released at least five percent of the radioactive reactor core into the atmosphere and the surrounding area .
The two accidents  caused people who lived nearby the nuclear reactors to suffer from the radiation .
Since then , no new nuclear power plants have been built .
The nuclear-averse public oppose the development of generation IV reactors because they are afraid such accidents will happen again and cause more damage to the people who live nearby nuclear reactor plants .
However , such an argument ignores the fact that generation IV reactors have a 'meltdown proof' feature .
This feature would simplify safety features; hence we would not need to rely on sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators .
This is because generation IV reactors can cool themselves down in the event of an accident with minimal human intervention (Butler , 2004) , thus preventing the meltdown accident from happening again .
The second factor is the cost of building  nuclear reactor plant .
The nuclear-averse public oppose the development of generation IV reactors because they are too costly to build .
It is true that a country needs to put billions of dollars into the research and development of nuclear reactor plants .
This is because it is beneficial for the country in the long run .
With the increasing  population , the demand on  energy sources will increase .
One alternate energy source which has been suggested by many  scientists is nuclear energy .
This is because with the same amount of raw materials , a nuclearreactor plant can produce up to ten times more of the energy produced by a the fossil energy plant .
Lastly , the third factor is the effect of nuclear reactors on the environment .
The nuclear-averse public oppose the development of generation IV reactors because they are worried that its waste will pollute the environment .
The waste of the nuclear reactors will last for a few years on earth before it starts to deplete .
It will pollute water and air .
However , if it is handled with a proper method , we can recycle it .
GIF is researching a proper method for recycling the waste from nuclear reactors .
When GIF have found out the proper method of recycling , the public can live with ease nearby the nuclear reactor plants .
To conclude , the nuclear-averse public oppose the development of generation IV reactors because they do not fully understand the concept of generation IV reactors .
Once GIF is able to produce the generation IV reactors , the nuclear-averse public should be able to understand and support their development .
Hence , the very high temperature reactor should be further researched and developed .
In the 21th century , energy issue becomes a serious problem that human beings are facing .
It is predicted by experts that the fossil fuels will run out in 250-300 years with oil disappearing in less than 100 years .
(When Will Fossil Fuel Run Out) .
It becomes really urgent to find a substitutable energy source to meet the increasing demand of human beings .
As a result , many scientists have turned to the nuclear energy and are doing research on future Generation IV reactors which are safer and have higher productivity .
Although some people are against these nuclear reactors , but one particular generation IV reactor called molten salt reactor is really worth to be researched on .
Some op21stnts arguedthe energy issuefhas becomethe nuclear reactor cannot be guaranteed , and such dangerous power plants should er be built .
They thought that the waste was radioactive and may cause health problem tothe people around .
But the real sThus , ithas becomes not as worse as they thought .
Besides , the molten salt reactor can solve these problems perfectly .
It is written in Generation VI Reactors (20 that the molten salt reactor uses liquid sodium fluoride as coolant which dissolves the uranium and circulates through graphite core .
In this way , fission products can be remd continuously and actinides as well as plutothe moltenan be fully recycled .
It meansresearchingo radioactive waste in the whole process .
Therefore , their concern about radioactive waste is not necessary .
Some opponents argue that even though there is no radioactive waste of the plant , the reactor itself is a big safety problem; the reactors maythinke likenuclear wasteeisles in the United States and causeproblemsers .
However , Aaround the reactorngHowever , Power Uprate Safety & ContainbadOverpressthink5)In additionajor safety problem for the reactor is that the balcompletelynergy generating and energy removing may be broken due to some reason .
This will cause the temperature andas the coolant ,ure of the coolant to increase .
As a result , the reathe graphite explode because of overpressure and will release large amounts of radioactivity .
But for the molten salt reactor , accordinThisto Dr . Paul Pickard (2002) , there is lower pressure in it as the boiling pothe concernn salt is 1400  .
Besides the terfoundeday cause accident is low due to the continuous removal of mobile fission product .
In addition , the molten salt can absorb lots of heat with little change in temperature .
All these guarantee that the balance cannot be broken easily .
As a result , the molten salt reactor is quite safe .
Furthermore , it is mentioned in Power Uprate Safety & Containment Overpressure(2005) that an entire system which is designed to match the energy produced by reactor and the energy removed can effectively prevent accident from happening is now used in each reactor in America .
In molten salt reactor , a better or at least the same system will be used to ensure the safety of the reactor .
Modern life depends on energy supply to a great extent .
All the inventions have improved our quality of life and made each human being a large consumer of electricity and fossil fuels .
With the development of technology and the increase of population , energy demand explodes .
Contrarily , the main energy supplier which is non renewable energy resource is disappearing from the earth .
To solve the problem , one way is to gather energy from nature .
However , it is inefficient to feed the whole human beings .
Nuclear reactions were found generating lots of energy rapidly .
Unfortunately , chemical species used in nuclear reactions have incredible destructive power and people are fear of the leakage .
In history , the leakage happened in Bhopal , India in 1984 was a "terrible tragedy" ("The incident" , n .d .) during which "approximately 3 ,800 people died and several thousand other individuals experienced permanent or partial disabilities" ("The incident" , n .d .) .
The fear of leakage has result in small number of nuclear plants being built on earth .
Nowadays , the generation IV reactors are in development and one of them called Very High Temperature Reactor (referred as VHTR below) is worth being developed .
The VHTR has high safety , high working efficiency and ultra-long lifetime which make it the best of the six generation IV reactor .
and itthe VHTRIndeedaccidentsthe nuclearhas beenVHTR has high working efficiency .
Tthe VHTRHTR operates at about 1000 Celthe VHTR degree which is enough to produce hydrogen .
Thus , VHTR produces electricity , hydrogen and large amount of process heat concurrentlyFurthermore working process .
As an energy supplier , VHTR are able to worpossiblefailiciently than the others that produce only electricity .
Some may say that the temperthe VHTRe needed for VHTR to operate is high and it is not easy to provithe VHTRhe operating temperatuargue VHTR .
It is treactorstareHTR needs more energy taccidentsohave happened but once it started , it prodisasterserHowever , theyore efficiently than others .
It is reasonable to say that in the long run , the gain in energy wld be more than the enorss of cost .
Thus , VHTR is promisindevelopmentding energy and solviis nowrgy shortage .
Nuclear power  is electrical power which is produced from controlled nuclear reactions (France , 2005) .
Although nuclear power can produce a much more significant amount of electrical power compared to other forms of electrical energy , its safety  makes the public concerned about nuclear power production .
Moreover , cost and environmental issues should also be considered .
Among many nuclear reactors built all over the world , one type of reactor is the "Sodium-cooled fast reactor" which is operated at a temperature of 550 degree Celsius under low pressure .
The power output of this reactor is electricity  .
However , nuclear power is not an efficient way if we consider the storage and safety issues of nuclear materials as well as the huge cost of nuclear power plant construction (Hannity , 2009) .
Walker , J . S . (2004) .
Backgrounder on the Three Mile Island accident  .
Retrieved october 1 , 2009 , from http://www .nrc .gov/: http://www .nrc .gov/reading-rm/doc- collections/fact-sheets/3mile-isle .html
Since nuclear power plants do not release any harmful materials , nuclear energy is ideal  .
A nuclear power plant emits significantly low carbon while fossil fuel pollution kills around ten thousand people per year in the United States due to respiratory problems .
However ,  some opponents also claim that an average nuclear power plant creates twenty to thirty tonnes of high level waste per year and that waste has to cool on site for at least five years before they are moved .
According to oneenvironmental  group , Yucca currently fills up 2495 tons of nuclear waste  (The Charlotte Observer , Hauter , 2004) .
Some people claim that the chances of accidents at  nuclear reactor plants are very low because of advanced technology .However , the accident at the Three Mile Island Unit2 nuclear power plant which has been the most serious in the US ,  as well as the explosion at the Chernobyl power station , prove that nuclear reactors are still dangerous and not 100 percent secure .
Besides killing people on the spot , increased radiation was also detected around the area of explosion .
The number of deaths by cancer also increased because of these incidents .
Not just health and environmental facts , but psychological factors should also be considered .
The worst situation is using nuclear power as a weapon (Walker , 2004) .
In conclusion , nuclear power should not be widely produced because of security as well as environmental issues .
Alternative energy sources such as wind , solar , hydrogen as well as water should be used instead for a more secure future for the next generation .
France ,C .
(2005) .
Gcse science physics high school electricity - power stations nuclear power advantages .
Retrieved October 1 , 2009 , from http://www .gcsescience .
com: http://www .gcsescience .com/pme31 .htm
Hannity .
( 2009 ) .
Advantages of nuclear power in U .S . Retrieved October 1 , 2009 from: http://www .foxnews .com/story /0 ,2933 ,514043 ,00 .html
Gonyeau , J .
(2009) .
Joseph Gonyeau's virtual nuclear tourist  !
Nuclear power plants around the world .
Retrieved October 1 , 2009 , from http://www .nucleartourist .com/: http://www .
nucleartourist .
com/
Group of Physicists School of Physics at the University of Melbourne in Australia .
(2009) .
Nuclear power education .
Retrieved October 1 , 2009 from http://nuclearinfo .net web site : http://nuclearinfo .net/ Nuclearpower
The Charlotte Observer , Wenonah Hauter .
(November 17 , 2004) Storing nuclear waste .
Retrieved October 1 , 2009 from http://www .ewg .org/node/16996
Recently , there has been an increasing debate about the safe operation of nuclear reactors .
Evidence also shows that very few new reactors have been built since serious accidents took place due to explosions or meltdowns of nuclear reactors in the 1980s (Butler , 2004) .
To date , people are still suffering a lot of the repercussions from these past incidents .
However , with the expected increase in energy demand worldwide and the growing awareness of global warming , climate change  and sustainable development , the new Generation IV (Gen IV) nuclear reactors seem to be the ultimate solution to these problems .
According to Gerstner , the Gen IV nuclear reactors will promise  safe , economically competitive , proliferation-resistant nuclear power without the danger of increasing greenhouse gas emissions .
Many developed countries are starting to express interest in this new nuclear technology and some have even formed a consortium to pool their expertise and funding to carry out research on the six most promising prospects for the future Gen IV reactors .
Thus , I agree that there should be  research and development (R&D) funding for the Gen IV nuclear reactors .
According to Reuters (2008) , the Electric Power Research Council in the United States has said that there will be a need for some 35 more {nuclear power}[] plants by the year 2030 .
Finland , France and the United Kingdom are preparing for new reactor building programmes while China is planning to build 40-50 fission plants within the next two decades (Gerstner , 2009) .
As more countries are planning to build more nuclear reactors to meet the increasing energy demand and to reduce the reliance on fossil fuels  , some unprecedented construction projects are expected in the next 20 years .
Clearly , a plan is needed to deal with the resulting increase in nuclear waste .
The existing technology is to store the waste on site , but it can be politically sensitive - Yucca Mountain in Nevada is  .
Reprocessing the spent fuel is another alternative to reducing the waste volume by a factor of two or three .
However , this is expensive and inefficient and poses a nuclear proliferation threat .
The Gen IV reactors aim to develop  waste-free nuclear energy by burning up fission waste , leaving a residue greatly reduced in both volume and radioactivity (Gerstner , 2009) .
However , the challenges liein the complication of building a nuclear fission reactor and the lack of funding to carry out research in this area .
Although it would take years to develop such advanced technology and probably cost quite a large sum of money , research studies have to be done to tackle the faster mounting nuclear waste problem .
Opponents of nuclear energy claim that before the first  of the Gen IV reactors will be built , optimistically in 2030 and possibly 2040 to 2050 , solar power systems would already be highly mature and widely developed  .
However , a report ({McLaughlin}[HYPERLINK: http://www .associatedcontent .com/user/1887/brant_mclaughlin .html] , 2007) pointed out that most  solar power plants can only generate power at 20% of their average efficiency .
What that means is that most photovoltaic (PV) panels convert only about 20% of the captured {solar energy}[HYPERLINK: http://poweredbysolarpanels .com/solar-energy-advantages-and-limitations/] to electricity .
Even the most advanced designs using silicon are only able to operate at around 40% efficiency .
Nuclear reactors can produce greenhouse-gas-free energy which currently contributes to 15% of the global electric power .
They are more efficient and require less resource to operate , compared to fossil fuels and solar energy .
Thus , it is important to channel  funding to the R&D for Gen IV reactors as they provide the energy that will meet our future energy needs .
There is a profound need for a new generation of nuclear reactors as they not only bring cleaner energy for our future generations but they are also a waste-free , terrorism-proof and affordable source of energy .
Although the nuclear industry faces a lot of challenges in the form of nuclear accidents , high capital costs of constructing new plants , and the need to establish final repositories for spent nuclear fuel , the nuclear energy industry has experienced economic and regulatory recovery in many parts of the world in recent years .
As countries such as China and the U .S . are showing interest in constructing new nuclear power plants , large amounts of nuclear waste is expected in the next 20 to 30 years .
Hence , channeling funds to the R&D of Gen IV reactors is necessary as it helps to solve the waste problem .
With rapidly rising demand for eneVersus thetists and big energy companies are aggressively looking for an alternative source of energy to fossil fuel which is a depleting natural resource .
In addition , burning fossil fuel emits greenhouse gas , a main cause of global warming .
Therefore , scientists and engineers are placing high hopes on the new generation of nuclear reactors which are seen as a clean source of energy without emission of green-house gas .
However , some people argue that nuclear power is unstable , extremely dangerous and expensive based on past nuclear accidents and technical hurdles .
Fortunately , generation IV nuclear reactors are in the horizon , promising "safe , abundant , reliable , inexpensive and proliferation resistant" nuclear power plants ("Nuclear Power's New Dawn" , 2004) .
In this essay , I will compare two outstanding generation IV models: the very-high-temperature reactor (VHTR) and the sodium-cooled fast reactor (SFR) , and argue that the VHTR is safer , more economical and proliferation-resistant than SFR .
Even though the VHTR excels at safety , economical factors would still be the most crucial deciding factor .
Proponents of SFR claim that the VHTR would incur a higher capital investment .
AsForumtter of fHowever , this the overall cost of building , operating and maintaining of the VHTR is mocanst-effective than the SFR .
According to "Cost Estimating Guihuman For Generationear Energywasystems" , the VHTR has a lower overall cost of building , operating and maintaining compared with other models of generation IV (2007) .
Outdoing the SFR , the VHTR has lower fuel cost and higher hydrogen production due to its higtheir operation temperature , allowing high burnup of the fuels .
Moreover , the VHTR adopts a closed cycle to ensure thorough burning of transuranics .
In a nutshell , the V
In contrast to the SFR , the VHTR is resistant to nuclear weapon proliferation as it abandons the reprocessing process .
The reprocessing process incorporated in the SFR extracts plutonium , which is an indispensable part for nuclear weapons .
According to "GIF and geration IV" , among the six nuclear powfor thereactors , only the VHTR does not have this process .
The reprocessing process is mainly aimed at cutting down the amount of waste finally produced .
Because VHTR is operated at an extremely high temperature and within a closed circle system , high utilization of uranium can be achieved even without reprocessing .
The VHTR prevents potwhich allowsua highrburn-up ratethat the SFR may lead to .
Thus , theFurthermore , in conclude , simple operation and transparent safety concept is inherently embedded in the VHTR , ensuring high level of safety .
The VHTR is more economically competitive than the SFR by lowering the overall cost of builofg , operating and maintaining .
The VHTR also has the unique feature of proliferation resistance among generation IV reactors which would prevent potential nuclear wars .
Therefore , the VHTR is the one which is the most likely to achieve the vision of "safe , abundant , reliable , inexpensive and proliferation rescycle" nuclear power .
The original set of wheels used by the train were monobloc wheels .
However , the wheels appeared to be too noisy and vibration could be felt in the train cabin .
Therefore , the engineers came up with a similar design to what the trams were using  to solve the vibration issue .
The new wheel was wrapped  with a thick layer of rubber  .
The layer of rubber helped reduce the vibration .
The design was not tested but it proved to be reliable because over the years it did not have any major problems .
However , according to Khandani (2005)  the final phase of a proper engineering design process is testing .
Prototyping is a process to test the design under real conditions .
In this process , engineers might discover design flaws and make the necessary changes to the design .
The engineers of the Eschede train made a mistake in neglecting this important step in the design process .
If prototyping had been done the accident might not have happened .
Before the derailment of the train ,  .
The train conductor or a passenger may have prevented the train accident if they had pulled the emergency brake .
The subsequent accidentwould not have happened if a passenger or the conductor had possessed adequate problem solving skills .
The passenger could have pulled the emergency brake himself instead of notifying the conductor .
The train conductor would have been able to stop the accident from happening if he had not followed the company's policy for stopping the train .
The railway line in Eschede is a quadruple track .
It separates the high speed trains  from the slower trains .
The railway track used by the Eschede train involved in the accidentwas not dedicated for high speed trains .
However , it had been upgraded  so that it could be shared between high speed trains and  slower trains .
In addition , rail switches were used to maximize the usage of the tracks .
The rail switches transferred the trains from a slow track to a fast track and vice versa .
However , seconds before the accident happened , the wheel rim which pierced through the cabin floor slammed against the rail switch , forcing some of the train cabins to disconnect  from the first cabin and switch to another track .
The entire disconnected cabin was thereby thrown off the bridge .
In conclusion ,  is undeniably desirable as it makes our life better .
However , besides focusing on the improvements offered by a new design , one should also pay attention to the possible tradeoffs .
When the improvements in a new design are unable to compensate for limitations , designers should abandon the design .
If we put much consideration of the psychological approach into the design process , many accidents can be avoided .
The use of psychology would assist engineers and designers to think creatively and better and therefore they will come up with safe and good inventions .
In addition , by exploring further  the psychological aspect and applying it in our daily routines , many of such major accidents can be prevented or minimized .
"People running trying to evade the incessant radiation ,people dying on the ground , people in chaos .
That is what my eyes , who have seen no death before , see ."
By a survivor of Chernobyl (Alek Carter , 'The World is Burning') .
The Chernobyl disaster has been described as 'the greatest technological catastrophe in human history' .
The total radioactivity of the material from Chernobyl was 200 times that of the combined releases from the atomic bombs dropped on Nagasaki and Hiroshima .
And 21 million square meter of land was polluted and couldn't use for living .
a psychological waysystemsSomeone the role of psychology is it really helpful to apply psychology ?
They think that in the modern society  , autopscyhologywidely used in many ways and man is much less the environment
The normal , the Chernobyl incidenttaff at the plant were planning a test on reactor four .
The first thing working againathen is that another power pHowever ,on the circuit went down , so Chernobyl was producing more power than usual to compensate .
Then the look atff never ran the test .
Nobody ever told the night staff not to do it , so they tried to perform the test as planned .
Then , the reactor started getting out of control .
The staff tried to use an emergency shutdown mechanism that failed .
Now the had an uncontrolled nuclear reaction .
Because they didn't have the right Geiger counters , they didn't know what a serious danger they were in cause they couldn't got the actual radiation levels .
They stayed for about 3 days till the explosion , trying to pump water into the reactor to control it .
They died weeks later from radiation poisoning .
untilthe plant for aboutatwereknowdid notbecausetheyThus ,It is obvious that human factors play an important role in this accident .
Though the original cause is technical ,them was anyone find the mistake and correct it  ,waswouldn't happen .
What's more , regardless of what extent do compensate for ittiThus ,chieve , man candid not run neglected However , nobodyduction .
And , nobody can avoid mistakes , so applying psychology in design processes couConsequentlyeduce the probability of human errors , thus increased safety coefficient .
the safety coefficient of a systemincreasingsince nobodyFurthermoreunderestimatedthe role of manis achievedhave happenedNever the less , someone hold the playedion that if technology improves enough , we could get rid of thewasccident with applying pdiscoveredology in the desicorrectedesses .
On 26 April 1986 , a catastrohave preventedster , which destroyed the city and killed 30 people in few seconds , fell on Chernobyl .
Massive amount of radioactive substances spread , and eventually caused approximately 270000 cancer cases and 93000 fatal cancers (Greenpeace , 2006) .
Ever since the disaster occurred , the cause of the accident was extensively looked into .
Most of the studies have shown that it was the carelessness of the operator and large amount of design errors which lead to the disastrous explosion .
Therefore , wide range of approaches arises to enhance safety in engineering process , and psychology is among one of these approaches .
Engineering psychology provides methods to enhance the safety of a system from the human point of view (Wilpert , 2006) .
While opponents denied the capability of psychology to prevent the accident , proponents insisted that psychology is applicable to enhance safety of a system .
Although some people perceived that psychology would not influence much in engineering process , I do believe that the use of psychology during design process effectively provide alternative to prevent the accident .
have beencould have beenthe preparatoryhave beenhad beenhad shownOpponents perceived that thsystemsnobyl acinvolve thesimultaneous operationdue to the insuffge of the designers and operators , and advanced technicalhave beennowledge could be able to prevent the accident instead of the use of psychology .
However , the stuwould not haveques (2000) stated thatHowever , althoughthe dictatorship of Soviet Unionhave beenrather than technical incompetence , which brought the Chernobyl accident .
In fact , the scienthave pointedin Soviet Union were equipppartsith deep technical knowledge ,the accident mostlyotivated to produnumerouson for self interest .
Therefore , the ignorance of safety field evhave preventedled to bad decision during design process .
On the other hands , engineering psychology , which comprises 'decision gate' in eaweredesign phase , would effectively enhance safety from the human point of view .
have enhancedcomprises ahandthe designdecisionsIn fact , the Chernobyl accident arises from chaiwasof human errors .
Other than political factor and use of inappropriate rod materials , incompetence of operator , unhave beense decision making during test plan , and deliberate violation against procedure for safe operation account to this disaster (Denton , 1997) .
the Soviet Unionn , input of psychology in each stage would bbrought aboutto change the erroneous part of design process and ethe Sovietvely enhance the safety of a system .
Although a precise definition of human error is hard to developweapons out ofors are predictable using existneglectological st (Noyes , 1997) .
With the modernization of the world , the consumption of energy has drastically increased .
Nuclear reactants have helped improve the situation in recent years .
One of the nuclear reactors is the very high temperature reactor (VHTR) which is used to produce both hydrogen and electricity .
There has been opposition which has been further research and development of the VHTR due to high costs , unsafe conditions and low efficiency of the VHTR .
However , I feel that despite these , we should still continue with the further development of the VHTR .
The main issue that the public is concerned with is safety .
The VHTR operates at a very high temperature .
There are fears that the reactor may get overheated as it operates at very high temperatures .
However , with  improvements in the machine design and materials used , the VHTR is now cooled by helium which is an inert gas .
The helium gas does not react readily with other gases , whichmakes it safe to use .
In addition , the material used to build the reactor is graphite which has a high melting point .
Graphite also has high heat capacity and thermal inertia , thus allowing it to withstand high temperatures .
It has high structural stability despite being heated up to high temperatures .
Graphite and helium make the VHTR safer to use as it now heats up less readily .
Thus , the VTHR is safe to use even though it requires high temperatures to operate .
There are skeptics who argue that the high start up cost , due to the materials of the reactor , make it not worthwhile to further research and develop the VHTR .
They feel that the government should channel the funds to produce other useful products which may directly benefit them .
The aim of the government should be revised and other important needs such as the healthcare of citizens should be considered before building these reactors .
Funds could be better allocated in order to not neglect important areas .
I agree that the start-up cost of VHTR is high as it costs about 114 .9 billion US dollars to build  .
However , the operating and maintenance costs are much lower as compared to the start up cost .
The fuel used in the VHTR produces a large amount of energy when burnt , thus reducing the amount of fuel burnt .
As the VHTR is able to produce two products , hydrogen and electricity , concurrently , it helps to reduce the cost of producing both products separately .
Furthermore , in the long run , the high cost is spread over the products , thus reducing the daily cost .
The VTHR is able to produce electricity which the world is in need of .
Furthermore , it is also able to produce hydrogen , a side product which is useful too .
Moreover , it has high efficiency and the reactor is safe to use .
Cost should not be an issue as it will eventually be reduced with the  overhead costs .
Therefore , research and development on the VTHR should continue .
Generation IV nuclear energy systems are very promising technologies which will probably be available from 2030 onwards .
These technologies have many advantages , such as enhancing nuclear safety , minimizing the generation of nuclear waste and decreasing the risk of nuclear weapons proliferation (Gen IV International Forum ,2007) .
Although Generation IV nuclear energy systems have so many advantages and plans for four systems have been finalized(Gen IV International Forum ,2007) , public opposition questions whether further research and development are still needed for them .
However ,  and the Gen IV systems will definitely benefit most  nations .
It is essential to do more research for the Very High Temperature Reactor or VHTR which is the most promising system out of all the Generation IV systems .
Secondly , critics argue that the VHTR is too costly and it will ultimately be eliminated in the future due to economic factors , just like what happened to the HTGR or High-Temperature-Gas-Reactor in 1989 (International Atomic Energy Agency , n .d) .
To some extent , the VHTR system is indeed more expensive than the Generation III Nuclear Energy Systems .
However , even though the one-time capital input is high , the VHTR has low operating and maintenance cost (Gen IV International Forum , 2007) .
From the economic perspective , low variable cost will finally lead to low average cost despite the fact that the fixed cost is quite high .
Moreover , the electricity generation of the VHTR system has an efficiency ratio ofhigher than 50 percent and it is much more efficient than the Generation III systems .
Such efficient electricity generation will outweigh the high cost of the engineering design and production of the system (Jaeri , 2002) .
In addition , the abundant heat produced in the VHTR system raises the efficiency of hydrogen gas production to a significant level .
Hence , the high one-time economic investment does not seem to be a problem compared with the high efficiency and the significant side product of the VHTR system .
Thirdly , some people are concerned about whether the Generational IV Nuclear Energy System will become a privilege of the wealthy or technologically developed countries and enlarge the gap between the developed countries and the developing countries .
this concern is actually unfounded since most  countries have reached the consensus that the development of Generation IV systems would be an international initiative rather than an independent investigation .
According to estimations , these systems will be available by 2030 in both developed countries and developing countries (Argonne National Laboratory) .
To sum up , even though there are concerns about the the The Generation IV VHTR system , such as the potential danger of the system , the high cost of the system and possible negative effects of the system , the advantages of Generation IV VHTR system surpass its disadvantages .
Generation IV VHTR system should be fully developed since the VHTR system intends to increase safety , efficiency and reliability as well as provide other  benefits such as hydrogen production .
Nowadays , with the development of our society , more and more energy is consumed by the whole world .
However , most people never consider the question how many years the petroleum and coal can support our lives .
Scientists said that human being can only use petroleum and coal for no more than one or two hundred years .
On that condition , new energy , especially nuclear power , will be our first choice to carry on our development , for which we must change our attitude towards nuclear power .
Nowadays , many people still resist nuclear power because of the fear of terrorists , its so-called danger and the heavy metal from its waste .
its so-called danger , its waste and the fear of terrorists .I cannot deny some tragedies occurred during the exploration and development of nuclear power .
However I want to emphasizhave never considered powequestion ofll our first chothe current supplies of and many people resist lastome misundershave saiding about itbeingstory .
I suggest that we can use Supercritical-water-cooled reactors , years more aBased on efficient , safe and environmental-friendly .
In my opinment and we have the ability to control it and make full use of it .
From the deny thate of safety , manhave occurred are afraid of the hypothesis that terrorists may attack the reactors because they are the best target towill still beaos and mass destruction .
Actually , the issuonly because ofonsidered in the country where these nuclear reactors are widely built .
As Pittsburgh Tribune Review January 18 , 2007 reported , US Nuclenvironmentallyy Commission said that in the future , the design of nuclear power reactors , such as SWCR , will consider avoiding the large-type aircraft collision to prevent the attack comes from terrorists .
In addition , according to a research group , concrete structure used in such kind of reactor can withstand a deliberately crash by a military jet .
Besides , most countries in the world have regarded anti-terrorism as one of their main tasks in the future .
They will try their best to avoid terrorism and spare no effect to protect their nation from being attacked .
Therefore , terrorism should not become the obstacle of the development of nuclear reactor .
reactorsinanpreventfighting terrorismFurthermoredeliberatereactorsHowever , many people fear of nuclear reactor because they do not believe the safety of it .
Take the SWCR for example; its high tempertargetscan createh 550 aand causethe pressure is very high .
People may be afraid that some accidentcountriesppen at such a tough environment .
beingwadays , As thenuclear reactor contains a lot of Safety features , sucthe USas automatic shutdown of the fission process by insertion of control rods , emergency water-cooling for the core itake into considerationf pipelinement shell , attackshbyemergence .
I believe with these safety features , the nuclear power reactor will be very s
Last but not least , some pple say treactors heavy metal carees frassurednof their safetyy cause a lot of environmental problems .
I agree that the old generation reactors generate a lot of heavy metal waste , which is still a problem .
Hinever , this new kind of reacHowever , is quite environmental-friendly .
Its manysafetyr , which is cheap and will not generate pollution .
What's more , it also has a waste recycling system , which is combined by two parts .
Firstly , there is a reprocessing plant to reuse the spen SWAC fuel .
Secoprevent accidentsa dry process to dry the used fuel to minimize the waste .
This recycling system makes it more environmental-friendly than others .
I think we need not to worry about how to deal with the waste because of these two significant steps .
Thus ,other reactorsenvironmentallyNowadays , with the development of nuclear power , mometalsin have beewastesed by these scientists and engineers .
As to the potential terrorism attract , we can build solid reactor as well as emphasis anti-terrorism in a global level .
In addition , we have developed maenvironmentallyfeatures to improve the safety of a reactor .
We also try different ways , such as a reprocessing plant and dry the waste to reduce the emittina combinationtoffrom a reactor .
I think we have already had enough reason to make full use of the nuclear power , to benefit the whole world as well as our next generations .
There are accidents happening every year , whether due to human mistakes or design defects .
People have been putting efforts to improve engineeringdesignsto eliminate unexpected accidents .
Not surprisingly , psychology plays a crucial role in engineering design processes .
Engineering psychology can be understood as the study of human behaviors , as well as designing and building mechanical devices or artificial environments to improve human interaction with a system , and to satisfy anthropometric or psychological requirements so that people will use the devices (Wickens & Kramer , 1985) .
Up till now , the most deadly aircraft accident in aviation history has been the Tenerife accident on March 27 , 1977 , with a death toll of 583 .
In Tenerife airport , two planes , KLM 4805 and Pan Am Clipper 1736 , collided with each other .
Basically , both human errors and system failure led to this tragedy .
Although there is not one definite cause for such accidents , the correct use of psychology in certain areas , including the design of the airport , the communication procedure and the training of manpower , may help to prevent similar disasters in the future .
Secondly , communication was also a serious problem in this accident .
Actually , the Air Traffic Controller (ATC) was using only one channel to communicate with two approaching airplanes at the same time .
The controllers did not consider that the same frequency made them unable to hear each other clearly , so that the ATC failed to get the information that the Pan Am was still on the run way .
To make things worse , as professional controllers , they should have used standardized terminologies for communication , but they actually did not .
Words such as "take off" should never have been used in an ATC clearance but they did .
The ambiguous language caused confusion such that the Pan Am pilots , the KLM pilots , and the ground controllers did not get the proper information .
Some people may argue that during those early years , having lowly educated air controllers was inevitable .
It was hard to find a Spaniard speaking English fluently .
However , people still need to consider communication as an important issue and try to find a precise and standard language for aviation communication .
Last but not least , the training of the captains and the crews also contributed to the accident in a sense .
The captain of the KLM was used to being a training captain , which means he conducted training flights more than regular line flights .
However , many operational problems only emerge during the actual flight .
Hence , when the captain encountered problems , he may not have kept calm and made the correct decision .
Though the accident cannot be entirely attributed to the captain , he had the highest power and should have been experienced enough to seek safety for all the passengers .
Hence , both theoretical and operational training should be reinforced for all training captains and crews . .
In conclusion , in the Tenerife accident , the failure to consider several crucial factors in the airport design , the communication systems and the manpower training , indirectly caused the accident to happen .
The use of psychology in the design process can help the designers to consider these issues more thoroughly and perhaps influencing his decision .
The result of any of these minor changes could perhaps have prevented the accident from ever occurring .
According to a BBC report , in Europe alone , there are 165 nuclear reactors .
On the other hand , there are also countries that are against this idea , such as Germany , which is withdrawing  its nuclear programme (BBC , 2009) .
The reason for opposing nuclear programmes is that nuclear accidents release harmful radiation that has adverse effects on humans and the environment .
This is seen in the nuclear accident at Three Mile Island in 1979 followed by the Chernobyl accident in 1986 , which have reinforced fears of nuclear power in the people .
In addition , many are concerned that nuclear reactors are prone to being used as weapons of mass destruction by terrorists and hostile countries .
Thus , they are against the idea of building nuclear plants .
With these concerns in mind , scientists and engineers have developed six Generation IV nuclear reactor concepts with enhanced safety features that would prevent another Chernobyl .
Furthermore , nuclear energy is a clean alternative to fossil fuel as it emits far less greenhouse gases (Gianni , 2006) .
In this essay , I will discuss the benefits of the molten salt reactor (MSR) , which is one of the six Generation IV concepts , and show that it is superior to the very high temperature reactor (VHTR) in terms of safety , performance and cost .
Firstly , in terms of safety , the VHTR is said to be a relatively safe nuclear reactor because it includes a back-up emergency core cooling system .
However , the MSR operates under an even safer condition .
Unlike the VHTR , the MSR adopts a passive emergency cooling system .
The method of cooling in the MSR is more efficient than the VHTR because if the MSR coolant salt overheats and overflows , the coolant salt will be transported to various storage tanks which are installed with passive decay heat cooling systems , so they are verified to be critically-safe .
Besides the storage tanks , freeze valves that will automatically open whenever they detect overheating of the salt are also installed .
As a result , heated fuel will be disposed of immediately without threatening an explosion or leakage (Joseph & Angelo , 2005) .
Therefore , the MSR is a much safer reactor than the VHTR .
Secondly , the overall performance of the MSR also surpasses the VHTR , making the MSR a better nuclear reactor .
The VHTR operates at a core outlet gas temperature of more than 900 to 1000 with output power estimated to be 600MW .
On the other hand , the MSR is able to not only operate in small sizes , but also in large sizes .
Besides the varying sizes that an MSR could work in , it is also able to operate at two varying temperatures of 705 and 1000 (Butler , 2004) .
At 1000 , the VHTR's overall plant efficiency is about 50% while the MSR's overall plant efficiency is about 60% .
This shows that at the same temperature , the MSR is at least 10% more efficient than the VHTR .
Therefore , countries should invest in the MSR which is more efficient than the VHTR in terms of overall plant efficiency .
Last but not least , waste recycling in the MSR allows better usage of materials as well as ensures a lower cost of operation .
The wastes produced in VHTR go directly to the repository .
However , in the MSR system , wastes produced from generation of electricity will be recycled .
The system collects and processes the wastes according to their physical and chemical properties , and separates the residual fuel from the wastes .
During the process , plutonium and uranium would be recovered and then recycled to produce more energy .
This in turn reduces the volume of material disposed of since plutonium and uranium make up almost 97% of the entire mass of fuel used in generating nuclear energy .
This will also lead to reduction in costs since capital spent on reactants are significantly reduced (The National Academies Press , 1984) .
Therefore , adoption of the MSR as an alternative to electricity production is a wiser choice than choosing the VHTR .
In conclusion , the MSR is a much better reactor than the VHTR as the MSR is safer , has higher overall plant efficiency and more efficient recycling method .
Thus , we should invest in the MSR to produce energy efficiently .
Scientists and engineers are now thinking of developing a new generation of nuclear reactors that can solve many problems such as green-house effects , the rising prices of energy and the safety of nuclear reactors .
In "Nuclear Power's New Dawn" , Butler (2004) mentions six concepts of Generation IV (GenIV) reactors .
Among them is the supercritical-water-cooled reactor (SCWR) which is considered a popular one because of its many obvious advantages .
While some proponents totally support further research and development funding for this concept , others still doubt  the benefits of the SCWR since there are many challenging problems in the R&D process .
Three of these problems are safety , efficiency and practicality .
It is often argued that the SCWR is rather safe in comparison with other generation IV reactor concepts because it operates at rather low temperatures , ranging from 510 to 550 C (Butler , 2004) .
Although this argument is true , high operatingtemperaturese is not the only source of accidents in a reactor .
In fact , the pressure inside a SCWR can reach 25MPa which is ultra-high and dangerous .
At sucha levell of pressure ,the steel used in nuclear reactorsl is easily corroded by high temperature water .
Another safety problem comes fromthe veryy fast turbine speed of the SWCR (about 3600 rpm , twice as fast as the existing Light Water Reactor (LWR)) .
Moreover , an extremely abnormal event has been recognized which is the loss of feed water (or coolant) (GIF , 2002) .
Therefore , we must stress the importance of finding suitable materials that are stress-resistant and anti-corrosive anddevelopg a reliable auxiliary feed water system .
The SCWR has very high efficiency (about 45% versus about 33% efficiency for the current LWR) and can churn out electricity at prices that , on paper , are competitive with coal and gas , and vastly cheaper than existing nuclear reactors(Butler , 2004) .
However , one disadvantage of the SWCR is that it , in fact , is the only concept among the GenIV reactors that does not produce hydrogen fuel .
The temperature needed to split hydrogen from water in a reactor is from 700 to 900  C and even if the SCWR could produce hydrogen , separating it withe liquid water would become a big problem .
Hydrogen fuel is considered the energy for the future since it is carbon-free , non-toxic ,less of a fire risk and more highly efficienty than petrol .
Furthermore , it should be note , that if most car owners switched to fully electric cars , many countries would need to double their electricity production (Louis , 2009) .
Therefore , itwouldd be better if we develop reactors that can generate hydrogen fuel rather than ones that can only generate electricity .
The SWCR is preferred to other GenIV concepts because of its simple design , which indicates that it will be cheaper and easier to develop and operate .
However , other GenIV reactor concepts seem to be practical , too .
One example is the very-high-temperature reactor (VHTR) which can produce hydrogen fuel and which can be completed by 2020 (the earliest delivery for the SCWR is 2025) .
Moreover , the estimated amount of money needed for R&D activities for the VHTR is about $670 m (versus $870m for the SCWR) .
Last but not least , the efficiency of the VHTR (even higher than 50%) is also higher than that of the SCWR (GIF , 2002) .
Although the VHTR also has its own challenges in R&D , it is , besides the SCWR , highly interesting to the experts .
Although it cannot be denied that SCWR is the most practical one among the six concepts of GenIV reactors , it is not the only choice .
Developing a new generation of nuclear reactor costs us not only a huge amount of money , but also a lot of time and manpower .
Therefore , we must consider carefully when choosing whether to develop the SCWR or other concepts .
The public is very concerned about the safe operation of nuclear reactors and there have been debates on whether Generation IV nuclear reactor should be built or not .
Issues being discussed were safety of operating the nuclear reactor as there have been catastrophic events in the past like the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl disaster (Butler , 2004) .
Long term storage of nuclear waste and the amount of time the nuclear waste needs to be fully decomposed .
The cost of building a nuclear reactor as it involves billions of dollars of taxpayer's money .
These were the main factors why few nuclear reactors have been built in the past few decades in many countries and I agree that Generation IV nuclear reactor should not be built .
Over the years , nuclear technology has improved and in principle , created the term 'meltdown proof' reactors wherthe Generation IV nuclear reactorool themselves down in the event of an accident are the safetyl impact or  ,if any , human intervention ( Butler , 2004) .
Hence , safety of the nuclear reactors has always been the main issue disastersg the building) , longlear power plants .
Technically , it is possible to avoid a meltdown given that the new Generation IV  , and then advanced safetarestem in place .
However , human error is a factor that dtaxpayers'ther the safety system in place works in an event of a failure (Greenpeace) .
Events that clearly show the effects of nuclear meltdown arthe Generation IV nuclear reactor resulted in 336 ,000 people being exposed to radioactive chemicals and had to be relocated .
The result of the explosion had linked to many forms of cancer in Eastern Europe and Russia , as well as destroying animals and plants .
(World-nuclear , n .d)
(World-nuclear , n .d .) .to the destruction ofhas been linkedbeingWaste from the nuclear faculty is another major issue .
Although the development and research of Generation IV reactors produces less nuclear wastes , the main problem lies in getting rid of it rather than storinor minimal , .
According to Andrew Blowers , a former member of tthe safetymittee for Radioactive Waste Management (CoRWM) , which asurroundinge government , the nuclear waste does not decompose easily and will last for thousands if not millions of years , thus , it will impose a burden on future generations .
Furthermore , the cost of waste disposal and storage of the nuclear waste is huge on tthe of the at least 2 billion pounds required to build the nuclear plant .
(Jaa nuclear meltdown )
The cost of building a facility reactor has always been one of the biggest issues .
It is true that the cost of developing the Generation IV rewaste will result in a cheaper price tag when building future in storing reactors .
Unfortunately , no more than three of the six designs are likely to survive the feasibility testing phrase and go on to become research prototypes , each costing at least US$1 billion or more to build and test ( Butler , 2004) ,;thus , wasting taxpayer's money .
To summarize why nuclear reactor should not be built is because no nuclear reactor in the world is inherently safe as all operational reactors have inherent safety flaws , which c(Jukwey , 2008) .safety upgrading .
Highly radioactive spent fuel requires constant cooling .
If this fails , it could lead to a catastrophic release of radioactivity .
There will always be nuclear waste irregardless of the amount the development and research of Generation IV nuclear reactors can reduce .
Billions of dollars is taking place in building a nuclear reactor and not a few million .
Furthermore , there is no guaranteed in building a successful nuclear reactor .
With emission of green house gas now soaring , nuclear energy , as a non-carbon dioxide source , is finding its way back on the table .
However , the huge cost and the potential danger make nuclear plants cannot be widely accepted .
Therefore , we need to develop a new generation of reactors to overcome these disadvantages .
Actually , GIF (the Generation IV International Forum , a consortium of ten nations that is planning the nuclear reactors of tomorrow) has already set a R&D funding for the new generation of reactorsthe Generation IV reactors (Butler , 2004) .
Although there are some opposing voices against this funding , it is a wise decision to set R&D funding for Generation IV reactors .
Opponents of R&D funding for gaseseration IV reactors claim that nuclear plants are very dangerous (Abeingcroft , 2008) because of the radioactive wastes and the radioactprovide materials espreventng from the reacfromAshcroft , 2008) .
However , these two disadvantages are no longer problems for the Generation IV reactors .
It is because all the six concepts of Generation IV reactors are operating at a very high temperature ranging from 510 degrees C to 1000 degrees C and habudgetedforhighly automatic circular system , the rve waste can be minimized to a very safe level (Butler , 2004) .
Besides , unlike what the public thinks , there is almost no radioactive materials escaping from the reactors unless in an unexpected accident .
However , the new technologies applied in the new generation of reactors such as pebble-bed , in principle , can prevent any radioactive material escaping from the reactors in an accident (Butler , 2004) .
Opponents also mention that it costs too much to build and run nuclear plants (Ashcroft , 2008) .
In fact , it is true for the previous generations of reactors .
However , if the Genethat escapeV reactors really work , on paper , they are competitive with coals and gas notu2004) .
As mentioned above , the new reactorThisare operating at very high temperatures and have highly autoperatesystem , so they are more efficient .
For instance , the VHTR ( very-high-temperature reactor , one of the six concepts ofso theneration IV reactors) can produce half more electricity with the same amoIn additionresources (Butler , 2004) .
Therefore , tharecost on the resources can be significantly reduced .
Also , duexcepthe highly automatic system , the capital spent on hiring experienced operators and building offsite monitoring systems can be reduced .
Both of these make it cheaper to build nuclear plants .
FurthermoreofThe final argument advanced by the opponents is that this new generation of reactors will be morThisorist target ,cause they are more powerful (Ashcroft , 2008) .
However , the experts say that the Generaeet (GEN International Forum , 2006) .
The reason is thatoperateconcepts of Generation IV reactors contain simplified safetsystemsures that no longer depend on sophisticated operators , which means that they can cool themselves if there is anything wrong in the whole progress .
Thfifty percentore , any attempt to trigger an accident deliberately will be in vain .
deliberately trigger an accidentprocessanything goes wrongIt should be evident that argums against the setting of R&D funding for Generation IV reactors are not valid .
The high operating temperature and the highly automatic cycle system make the new generation reactors not only more inexpensive but also much safer .
Moreover , the simplified safety feature makes those new reactors be less of a terrorist target .
Therefore , in my opinion , there should be R&D funding for Generation IV reactors .
VHTR systems do not use waste recycling , thus reducing the risk of proliferation .
Public opinion is against the construction of nuclear reactors due to the partial reactor meltdown accident in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania and the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine (Butler , 2004) .
It is generally recognized that it is a practical impossibility to render civilian nuclear energy systems proliferation-proof CITATION Hir05 \l 1033 (Hirsch , Becker , Schneider & Froggatt , 2005) .
The development of Gen IV nuclear reactors is necessary to respond to the upcoming scarcity of fissile material , the issue of proliferation and the requirement for safe repositories for nuclear waste .
Research still has to be done to work on a better cooling system and material that can withstand very high temperatures (Butler , 2004) .
Shortages in energy supply and insecurities caused due to  rising oil prices and the threat of climate change clearly show the need for the development of nuclear power .
Due to extreme operational conditions , Gen IV systems could even turn out to be more dangerous than currently operated installations CITATION Aus09 \l 1033 (Austrian Institue of Ecology) .
Countries should invest in the development of VHTR to satisfy their energy demands and to decrease the dependence on fossil fuels for energy .
Nowadays , as the population of the world is increasing rapidly , humans are facing severe food crisis .
In order to solve this problem , one good way is to develop Genetically Modified Food .
Currently , because of some uncertain effects of Genetically Modified Food (GM food) , it has not been widely accepted by us .
However , I believe that if GMF has a very bright future .
According to Whitman (2000) , the term GM foods is commonly used to refer to crop pa severe food crisishuOne good way to solve this problemolecular biology techniques , and these food have been modified tthe uncertain effects in the laboratory .
GM foods haGMFntages over traditional plants .
Fir most of them have higher st and disease resistance .
So the usage amount of chemical substances will be largely reduced .
Besides , we can increase the crop yield by cultivating GM plants .
As the food situation is becoming desperate in today's context , these two features are significant .
On 26th April 1986 , a severe reactor's meltdown occurred in Chernobyl nuclear plant , Ukraine which released more radioactivity compared to the time when atom bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
In the accident , 56 people were killed and about 600000 people were exposed to significant levels of radiation (Greenpeace , Jan2009 , p .6) .
This accident is considered as the worst nuclear disaster in the world .
As the result , many people were afraid of nuclear power even until today .
Hence , most people oppose the revival of nuclear reactor while support the renewable power such as solar power and wind power .
Despite there are a lot of opposition to the reborn of nuclear power; there is some evidence which show that the potential benefits of molten salt reactor (MSR) far outweigh its dangers .
Opponents of nuclear power claim that nuclear reactors are totally insecure as the incidents of Three Miles Island and Chernobyl led to catastrophes .
Another example was the technical failure in the Forsmark nuclear power plant in Sweden , 2006 .
According to the former director of that plant , it was pure luck that the plant had no meltd; otherwise , it could be another disaster (Greenpeace , Jan2009 , p .6) .
However , the possibility for a Mareo melt is relatively small compared to the old nuclear power plant .
This is because molten salt reactor has different safety approaches which can prevent the meltdown .
FiAlthoughthe molten salts have low chemical activity at the sea-level pressure .
They are also mechanically stable as their boiling point is very high .
Besides that , there is a passive cooling system which includes passively cooled dump tanks that will perform emergency cooling and shutdown in any emergency conditions (Forsberg , C .F , June2006 , p .4) .
Moreover , in a MSR , the mobile fission products are removed continuously and reused afterward .
This means that the accident rate can be reduced to the minimum .
Opponents also mention that there is no solution to radioactive waste .
Since the beginning of nuclear power , radioactive waste has remained as a major problem .
Reprocessing the radioactive waste once became a useful method .
However , according to a study published in 2001 , there was a significant increment of leukaemia among under-25 year olds who were living within 10 km of La Hague nuclear reprocessiants , in northwest France (Greenpeace , Jan2009 , p .5) .
Yet , reprocessing the radioactive waste and recycle the salts seem to be possible in MSR .
In fact , MSR would still produce hazardous waste and radionuclide .
Nevertheless , the organic components in that wasteuld be oxidized in the molten salt oxidizer (MSO) and radionuclide would be retained in the salt .
The salt would then be recycled and reused in the MSR (Gat , U . , Jun1993 , p .3) .
Some of the radionuclide still left out in this recycling process .
In order to get a shorter-lived radioactiv , the radionuclide is combined with some mixtures such as glass , ceramic and concrete .
e radioactive waste is brought to an optimum for disposal and lesser harmful radioactive waste is produced by MSR .
embodiesbecausetypes .In conclusion , despite many people are still opposing the concept of reactor generation IV , I believe that MSR could bring the nuclear power to another new age .
MSR has many advantages such as cost-effective ,nimize the danger of disposal and it has a nearly perfect safety precaution which reduce the accident rate greatly .
Hence , it has the potential to become the main source of energy in the next decade .
Engineering is concerned with improving equipment from the point of view of mechanical and electrical design , whereas psychology is concerned with the mind and behavior (Stanton , 1996) .
As such , people often find it difficult to associate psychology with engineering .
However , psychology in fact complements engineering process .
As defined by Blum (1952) , psychology in engineering is concerned with adapting the equipment to people , based upon their psychological capacities and limitations with the objective of improving overall system performance .
Theoretically , analysis of the mind and behavior of man can effectively reduce accidents due to human error , by adopting measures that takes into consideration the limitation and capacities of man .
Opponents often argue that psychology is unnecessary in engineering .
The employment of psychologists would simply incur unnecessary cost .
In fact , many engineers would rather consult their intuition than a professional ergonomist in the designing process .
Furthermore , the effectiveness of the use of psychology in ensuring safety in engineering processes is being questioned .
The safety issues in engineering processes are often seen with great concern and various rules and regulations are set to ensure mishaps from occurring .
Thus , with these precautions , the use of psychology is deemed as unnecessary .
Another point of contend is the use of psychology to prevent engineering errors .
Engineering errors are integral parts in the designing process and engineers have adopted the measure of introducing corrective actions such as adding on to the system to minimize or eliminate such errors .
Hence , the use of psychology would serve little use .
However ,  safety precautions and corrective actions are not fail-proof .
The likelihood of accidents occurring stays high despite these measures .
Although safety precautions are set , the tendencies of violation of the rules are not to be neglected .
The rules and regulations are drawn down with consideration of ideal behavior of system users yet it is unlikely that all men follow the same code of behavior .
Thus measures to reduce errors resulting from deviation from ideal behavior should be formulated with the aid of psychology which analyses the behavior of man .
In addition , psychology can be applied to predict errors in the designing process due to human factors and preventive measure can be taken to avoid mishaps due to these errors .
Furthermore , it is essential to note that the most damaging errors made by the engineering team is not regarding the technical aspect of the engineering process but with regard to ethic issues which often jeopardize safety .
Hence analysis of the mind and behavior of man may potentially help rule out the possibilities of such occurrences .
In the case of the Hyatt Regency walkway collapse , human error was undeniably one of the most influencing factors underlying the failure of the structure .
Even though the collapse of the walkway was due to the failure of components of the structure , it would not have been fatal if the errors were identified and corrected in time .
Psychology can be applied to various stages of design processes to prevent accidents .
Use of psychology in engineering process is also necessary in predicting the possible dilemma faced by end users using the product and the possibility of wrong usage which can cause potential harm .
Study of behavior of man is necessary in the prediction and adjustment of the system to suit users .
In the case of the Hyatt Regency accident , the failure to foresee the large crowd and hence larger workload is one great mistake made by the engineers .
As a heavily advertised project , engineers should have anticipated response from the people .
Hence , it will be of importance to verify the maximum load that the walkway is able to withstand .
In the event that the crowd predicted is above the maximum load the walkway can withstand , possible measures can be taken to divert the crowd , and ensure load within a safe boundary .
In the case of the Hyatt Regency accident , the application of psychology would possibly have prevented the accident .
It is apparent that the negligence of the engineering teams was to be blamed for the accident .
Opponents of VHTR might claim that Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor (LFR) exhibit better safety features for its selection of molten lead as relatively inert coolant (Generation IV Technology , n .d .) .
However , the VHTR offers higher degree of passive safety; for instance , it is built undergroundanduses the earth to sink most of the heat produced .
In fact , the graphite encased fuel will not be damaged when the reactor heat is radiated through its steel vessel out of the high thermal inertia graphite moderator core (Ragheb , 2007) .
Moreover , building the reactor underground offers a greater level of security , as there are limited exit routes to the ground .
This feature would also immensely reduce its threat of being a terrorism target , enhancing the physical protection of the reactor .
Ragheb , M . (2007) .
Fouth Generation Reactor Concepts .
Retrieved October 15 , 2009 , from University of Illinois , Institute for Learning Technologies Web site: HYPERLINK "https://netfiles .uiuc .edu/mragheb/www/NPRE%20402%20ME%20405%20Nuclear%2
0Powe" https://netfiles .uiuc .edu/mragheb/www/NPRE%20402%20ME%20405%20Nuclear%2 0Power%20Engineering/Fourth%20Generation%20Reactor%20Concepts .pdf
What Is Nuclear Reprocessing ?
(2000) .
Retrieved October 15 , 2009 , from {http://news .bbc .co .uk/2/hi/uk_news/647981 .stm}[HYPERLINK: http://news .bbc .co .uk/2/hi/uk_news/647981 .stm]
Since reprocessing of nuclear waste can eminently reduces raw fuel input and conserves the world's uranium supplies () , opponents might argue that the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor[HYPERLINK: http://www .gen-4 .org/Technology/systems/gfr .htm] (GFR) , {Molten Salt Reactor}[HYPERLINK: http://www .gen-4 .org/Technology/systems/msr .htm] (MSR) , {Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor}[HYPERLINK: http://www .gen-4 .org/Technology/systems/sfr .htm] (SFR) , and LFR offer better performance with the adoption of reprocessing (Butler , 2004) .
However , the VHTR offers high thermal efficiency in supplying electricity and producing hydrogen , alongside process heat applications .
Operating at 1000 degree Celsius , the VHTR is able to produce 50% more electricity using the same amount of fuel compared with conventional plants .
The high operating temperature also enables hydrogen production using thermochemical process , with superior efficiency .
In addition , heat produced by the VHTR can also be utilized in a broad range of process heat applications , such as coal gasification (Gen-IV , 2005) .
On the other hand , reprocessing is extremely expensive , costing more than uranium fuel itself () .
Hence , it would be impossible for nuclear power to compete with coal and gas in the market for electricity .
Opponents might also maintain that GFR , MSR , SFR , and LFR provide better waste management , seeing that up to 96% of waste produced is being recycled through reprocessing (Butler , 2004) .
However , this would oppose the aim of creating a proliferation resistant reactor .
On the contrary , the VHTR does not have this issue , for it operates in a once-through uranium cycle .
Since plutonium - the main substance in manufacturing nuclear weapon - is not separated with the nuclear waste , it cannot be easily extracted to build nuclear weapons () .
The great proliferation resistance provides assurance to the society , avoiding suspicion between countries about any secret nuclear weapons program that might cause misunderstandings .
Therefore , the high proliferation resistance that comes with VHTR averts the emergence of new nuclear weapons states , and keeps nuclear weapons capability out of terrorist hands .
It should be evident that the Very-High-Temperature Reactor is the best among the 6 evolutionary concepts of generation 4 reactors .
The VHTR is equipped with superior passive safety features with its underground construction , which also greatly increases its security and physical protection .
Furthermore , the VHTR offers high thermal efficiency , while retaining the capability of hydrogen production and utilization in heat process applications .
Finally , the VHTR also provides high proliferation resistance , which prevents the production of new nuclear weapons , maintaining peace in the world .
Therefore , in my opinion , the Very-High-Temperature Reactor should be given priority for further research and development funding .
Reference
Butler , D . (2004) .
Nature: Nuclear power's new dawn (p . 429 , pp .
238-240) .
Gen-IV .
(2005) .
Retrieved October 15 , 2009 , from {http://hydrogen .kaist .ac .kr/gen_01 .php ?menu_type=gen}[HYPERLINK: http://hydrogen .kaist .ac .kr/gen_01 .php ?menu_type=gen]
Generation IV Technology .
(n .d .) .
Retrieved September 9 , 2009 , from {http://www .gen-4 .org/Technology/systems/index .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .gen-4 .org/Technology/systems/index .htm]
James Lovelock .
(2004) .
Nuclear power is the only green solution .Retrieved October 15 , 2009 , from http://www .ecolo .org/media/articles/articles .in .english/love-indep-24-05-04 .htm
{Matthew L . Wald}[HYPERLINK: http://www .nytimes .com/info/nuclear-energy/] (n .d .) .
Nuclear energy .
Retrieved October 15 , 2009 , from {http://www .nytimes .com/info/nuclear-energy/}[HYPERLINK: http://www .nytimes .com/info/nuclear-energy/]
With the fast growth of Earth's population , the demand for nuclear power is rapidly increasing because of its higher efficiency in producing electricity among the non greenhouse-gas-emitting sources .
The potential benefits of nuclear energy have led many countries to do extensive research and development on nuclear reactors .
However , many controversies emerge over the development of nuclear reactors because of fear of nuclear leakage and accident .
No new nuclear power plants were built in the United States since the accident at Three Mile Island in 1979(Butler ,2004) .
Considering the fact that the global warming has becoming an increasingly serious problem nowadays , the development of nuclear power is quite necessary .
"Global warming and rising energy needs are rehabilitating the concept of nuclear power .
But if it is to figure in the energy equation , it will need to be cheaper , cleaner and safer" , says Declan Butler .
In the research for cleaner and safer nuclear reactor to meet the increasing demand for energy , new generation nuclear reactors have been researched by a consortium of ten nations .
Furthermore , it is quite necessary and urgent to set an overall direction of nuclear reactors .
Some people believe that the very high temperature reactor (VHTR) is the most phave emergedng reactor and should be largely put into use in the near future .
However , compared with VHTR , the sodium-cooled fast reactor (SFR) has more advantages and should be chosen as a main type of reactors in the future .
Proponents of VHTR claim that it operates at a higher temperature which is much more efficient than the SFR .
It is true that the higher temperature enables the reactor to work more efficiently; however , it also raises a huge inherent safety problem .
As a reactor which also produces hydrogen which is combustible , it is likely for the VHTR to explode at high temperatures .
Once the accident happens , the related safety components of the reactor would not work .
In contrast , the SFR does not have this safety concern for its operating temperature is jusreactorf that of the VHTR .
Furthermore , the closed fuel of SFR can utilize almost all the energy provided by the fuels and the recovery and recycle of the actinides in SFR can reach about 99 .9% , which indicate the a high efficiency of SFR .
Opponents of SFR claim that the radioactivity of its coolant sodium is harmful to the environment .
Although the sodium is radioactive and easy to have chemical reaction with water and air , the self-activated shutdown system of SFR has largely reduced the possibilities of the leakage of sodium .
Furthermore , SFR has a relatively large thermal inertia and a large margin to coolant boiling which ensure the safety of the use of sodium .
More important , there is an extra loop which is called secondary system acts as a buffer in case of the reactions between the sodium and water (Roglans , Allen & Line , 2002) .
In this way , it can largely avoid the release of radioactive elements and become safe and environmentally friendly .
Another argument advanced by opponents of SFR is that it can only produce electricity and it has shown little promise of becoming an econoeasilylehasr so far (fast reactor , N .D) .
It is true that the VHTR can produce not only electricity but also hydrogen; however , the electricity is more widely used than the hydrogen nowadays .
Actually , the hydrogen energy system is not very mature because of the limited technology so far .
The electricimportantlyilh demand nowadays and the SFR can completely meet the demand of markets for ctricity .
(M .Ragheb , 2007) .On the other hand , the cost of the research and development of SFR is only about 610 million dollars , which is much less than that of VHTR .
All of these facts show that the SFR is more economic and flexible than VHTR .
economicalmaturedIn a nutshell , it can be seen that the arguments against the sodiuooled fast reactor are inconclusive and not valid .
On the contrary , the SFR system has moreVHTR on its safety , efficiency and costs , which made the SFR a promising reactor .
Therefore , the research and development of sodium cooled fast reactor is necessary and overwhelming .
The train accident at Eschede was one of the world's deadliest railway accident to have ever occurred .
The accident resulted in a total of 101 deaths and caused 88 injuries .
The cause of the accident was due to a broken wheel that led to the derailment of the entire train ( 1998) .
Further probing into the accident revealed that although the wheels were not fully tested and commissioned , the wheels were already in service .
At that point in time , no facilities existed in Germany to test the failure limit of rail wheels , thus design and specifications relied heavily on materials specifications and theory .
Furthermore , in-depth investigations revealed that before the night of the accident , the maintenance crew did not carry out their maintenance jobs properly .
Therefore , if a psychologist had been in place during the designing , testing and maintenance phase , the chance of the accident happening would have been minimal .
However , if a psychologist was present during the designing phase of the wheel , he could have pointed out that the datasheets were prepared by other engineers also , and engineers can make mistakes too .
During the testing phase , the psychologist would have proposed that the engineers further test the wheel at a much higher speed , observe  problems the wheels might develop under wear and tear conditions .
He would also have said that since there were no testing facilities present , the engineers could have brought the wheel out to other countries to run the required tests .
Furthermore , Fraunhofer Institute  told the company that it is possible that the wheels would fail earlier than expected (09) .
Yet , no actions were taken by the company to replace the failing wheels .
To ensure that the wheels were replaced , the psychologist , in this case , would have constantly reminded the engineers to correct the errors present on the wheels .
One of the important issues bothering people nowadays is the lack of energy supply and an increase in global warming due to the emission of greenhouse gases from current generation reactors .
This issue has been raised in various contexts and different views of the issue are shared and discussed .
Mainly , the controversies of the issue are on the safe and clean operation of nuclear reactors , such as the handling of nuclear waste and prevention of terrorist acts (Butler , 2004) .
In addition , the cost of constructing nuclear reactors must be  , given the economic constraints today .
One way to address this issue is to provide funding to further research and develop Generation IV reactors , particularly the Very- High-Temperature Reactors (VHTR) .
Although the cost for building Generation IV reactors is very high , the issue of the increase in demand of energy today needs to be addressed .
In fact , an amount of $1 .1 billion is needed to build a Generation IV reactor prototype (Butler , 2004) .
Moreover , the cost estimated also needs to take into account plant decommissioning and nuclear waste storage costs .
On the other hand , the VHTR produces both electricity and hydrogen .
As a result , many countries that largely depend on oil for their energy needs realise that hydrogen might be the fuel of the future and solution to their problems .
Furthermore , it is reported that if oil continues to be used , the energy demand from US transport alone will cause the nation's oil imports to soar by 78% by 2025 (Butler , 2004) .
Next , the society is concerned with the safety and security aspect of Generation IV reactors .
Even though Generation IV reactors might generate threats from terrorist attacks to acts of wars , stricter laws and policies could be set in place for counter measures (GreenPeace , 2005) .
The recent Iran's nuclear disclosure to the world has threatened the equilibrium of power within that particular region of the world (Grier , 2009) .
A solution to this could be to enforce countries that are intending to build nuclear reactors to sign the nuclear pact with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) or else legal actions might be taken against them .
In addition , it is reported that the generation IV reactors will quietly switch themselves off and cool down in an event of an earthquake , a terrorist attack or human errors (Brockie , 2009) .
The waste and pollution produced by nuclear reactors is a worrying issue to both the environmentalists and the public , however the U .S . Department of Energy (DOE) has already considered this issue and more attention is paid to it .
Today , we have about 270 tons of separated plutonium essentially in storage in multiple countries (LaMonica , 2009) .
Therefore , the U .S . DOE has named out a few important researches and development challenges if generation IV reactors were specifically used for nuclear purposes .
The U .S . DOE realises that nuclear energy has a reputation as a polluting technology , hence it must be addressed (Numark , 2000) .
Moreover , since VHTR is a CO2 emission free reactor , it will not contribute to global warming .
In addition , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) experts suggest that the U .S . should take time now to develop different "advanced fuel cycle" technologies (LaMonica , 2009) .
For these reasons , it is acceptable to jump into the conclusion that generation IV reactors would have the required technology to prevent the waste problem if it is going to be built .
On the whole , the debate on the provision of funds to further research and develop on generation IV reactors has been around for quite sometime .
The reasons for my support on the provision of funds are because there is a global shortage of energy supply and generation IV reactors are generally more efficient and environmental friendly .
In addition , new technologies could be researched to provide a solution to those problems that remain unsolved .
In order to do so , additional funds , efforts and assistance need to be provided to the research and development of generation IV reactors .
'Design process' is a linear sequence of events that has a start and an end point while 'psychology' is the study of the mind , its mental function and behaviour .
By approaching the design process from a psychological angle , the usability , functionality , safety and required user competencies of the design product are ensured to match user expectations .
The major engineering accident chosen for this essay is the space shuttle Challenger accident .
The accident occurred on  28 January , 1986 when Challenger disintegrated over the Atlantic Ocean seventy-three seconds into its flight , causing the death of its seven crew members .
Why is the psychology approach important to the design process ?
A system of machines , however advanced it is , can never operate by itself .
Everything that involves management , operation and decision-making comes back down to humans .
However , the human mind is a very complicated subject and a lot of problems might surface during the design process .
Therefore , psychology plays an important role during the design process in order to prevent any accidents from happening .
The Challenger accident was caused by faulty components and poor launch conditions .
The failure of the O-rings in its right solid rocket booster ignited a spark and subsequently , the flame impinged on the external fuel tank .
This then caused its structural failure and aerodynamic forces further brought about the disintegration of the space shuttle .
One human error , or more specifically a design error , led to the accident .
The two rubber O-rings in the booster were not resilient enough to withstand the hot high-pressure gases produced .
It was not known if the O-rings were able to seal properly at temperatures less than 12 C and the launch was done in cold weather at a temperature of -1 C . The booster's O-rings had been designated as a "Criticality 1" component which means that the failure of both the O-rings would result to the destruction of the orbiter and its crew .
The defect should have been identified and rectified first before the O-rings were used .
Secondly , poor decision-making also contributed to the Challenger accident .
The NASA management felt invulnerable from the accomplishment of its Apollo programme .
NASA was pressured to meet Challenger's launch schedule when the launching was delayed because of the poor weather conditions , low surrounding temperature and a defective micro switch .
The pressure was further increased when the then Vice President of the United States of America , George H . W . Bush was present to watch the launch .
All of these subconsciously affected NASA's decision-making to reduce the safety and quality of the system .
Back in 1977 , Morton-Thiokol , the contractor in charge of the Challenger's solid rocket boosters , knew that the boosters had problems when the O-rings experienced erosion in the booster joints in almost half of the shuttle flights .
In 1985 , a redesign effort was started .
The NASA management was briefed on the problem but they were not in support of the redesign team .
If better decisions were made , there would have been fewer problems .
Other than that , there was also communication failure between the Morton-Thiokol engineers and the top NASA officials .
The engineers could only reported to their immediate managers who only report to their direct supervisors .
Because of this mindset , the engineers dared not go above supervisors with their concerns for fear that they might lose their job .
On several occasions , the manager of the Solid Rocket Booster project , George Hardy from Morton-Thiokol , was told by the Marshall Space Flight Centre engineers that Thiokol's booster's field joint design could not be accepted .
An engineer suggested that the secondary O-ring is useless with that joint rotation .
Despite that , Hardy did not inform Morton-Thiokol and it was accepted for flight in 1980 .
It is clear that communication failure was also the cause of the accident .
In conclusion , if psychology is not given consideration during the design process , the possibility for an accident to occur will be high .
Thus , it is important to include psychology in the design process as human factors can affect the safety and quality of a system .
In view of today's environmental problems of global warming , there is an increasing necessity to introduce a clean , safe and efficient alternative energy source .
Although the nuclear power plant is considered safer and cleaner than fossil power plants , the devastating consequences of its occasional meltdowns deter the general public and policy makers from accepting it .
However , the development of technology has resulted in a continuous evolution of nuclear energy systems .
One of the latest prototypes of generation IV nuclear reactor is the Lead Cooled fast reactor (LFR) .
Unlike the previous generations of nuclear reactors which are constantly critiqued by opponents , the LFR is considered to be not only safer in different aspects , but also more sustainable and economical .
Social security is another safety issue that involves much dispute .
Since the 911 incident , there have been concerns about the unimaginable consequences of terrorist attacks on nuclear plants .
However , the LFR has made improvements on its physical structure to minimize physical damage from external attacks .
For example , the reactor uses independent , redundant and diversified Decay Heat Removal (DHR) loops to control damages and prevent potential radioactive releases (World Nuclear Association , 2008) .
There is no flammable or reactive coolant materials used to ensure that no big scale explosion occurs when being attacked .
In fact , various studies have shown that nuclear power plants can withstand such attacks better than almost any other civil constructions (World Nuclear Association , 2009) .
The physical protection promises top security of building nuclear power plants like the LFR .
While the benefits of the LFR are largely acknowledged , its limitations and potential risks should also be recognized .
For example , as corrosion of lead may take place under high temperature , the LFR only works under 550 , which in turn limits its overall efficiency .
Also , operation of nuclear plant should be closely regulated to prevent any abuse use of nuclear materials .
This requires a concerted effort from countries around the world .
In fact , such regulatory agreements already exist .
An example will be the International Atomic Energy Agency's (IAEA) safeguards system under the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty (NPT) .
Nuclear power plants are gaining importance in the world as they help many countries , such as France , to maintain power independence .
Yet the non-nuclear weapon states should be monitored to prevent any undeclared nuclear activities .
In conclusion , the LFR helps enhance safety of nuclear power stations while not compromising economic factors .
Though it may not be the optimal design because of its potential risks and limitations , the LFR is still one of the possible future energy plants .
After all , we should expect the nuclear industry to dominate in generating world's electricity in the future as technology matures .
Nowadays , with the increasing population of the society , the limited resources cannot meet the large amount of demand of energy .
In order to overcome the energy shortage situation today , human beings have tried many ways to explore new kinds of energy , for instance , natural energy which includes wind energy and water energy .
However , the consequence is not that satisfactory , due to its low efficiency and high cost .
Therefore , scientists and publics have suggested that we can develop one kind of energy which can produce high energy efficiently , and that kind of energy is known as nuclear energy .
It seems a perfect solution to the bad situation nowadays , however , the use of nuclear energy becomes a controversial issue which causes fierce discussion among not only scientists , but also publics .
In my point of view , using nuclear energy is the right way to meet today's increasing energy demand , due to its high efficiencyand environmental emission .
There are several disadvantages of using  nuclear energy: The funds paid on developing this technology is high , the time taking to explore the technology is long and there exists dangers which can actually be solved .
Besides the above two factors , some opponents may believe that it is dangerous to use nuclear energy .
We use Very-High-Temperature-Reactors (VHTR) , which is one of Generation IV reactor concepts , as an example .
Due to the special design of its Helium Coolant , Graphite Reactor Core and temperature controlled system , the danger can be greatly reduced .
It is true that dangers still exist , however , with the development of the technology , it is desirable that those dangers could be overcome .
Design process is a linear sequence of events which was started by creative human act and ended with an invention of a new product .
It is also a kind of planning on how to apply the knowledge to the making of an object or a system .
Psychology is the characteristics of mental states and the science of human behavior .
It plays an important role in every human attempt in design processes .
({http://dictionary .reference .com/browse/psychology ?o=100074}[HYPERLINK: http://dictionary .reference .com/browse/psychology ?o=100074]) .
There is a relationship between psychology and design process which can prevent accidents from happening .
In conclusion , an accident is never caused by a single component failure or a single human error .
Psychology plays an essential role in design processes .
The role of humans in safeguarding complicated socio-technical systems cannot be neglected .
If the psychology factor is not considered in design processes , accidents may happen easily .
Hence , psychological inputs should be incorporated in design processes .
"The reasonable person adapts them self to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to them self .
Therefore , all progress depends upon the unreasonable person ."
(George Bernard Shaw) .
This sentence indicates why engineering psychology will become closer and closer to our life .
What is engineering psychology ?
Generally speaking , engineering psychology is concerned with adapting equipment and environment to people (Blum , 1952) .
This adjustment is based on people's psychological capacities and limitations , and the aim of it is to improve the overall system performance .
The conception of engineering psychology is first brought out during the First World War , when people found that the efficiency of machines was reduced sharply when they were operated by women instead of men (these machines are designed for men and not women) .
Since then people began to realize that sometimes the engineering problem was related to equipment design rather than the people who operate or other mechanical reasons .
However it is hard to say that whether we can solve the engineering problem by simply improving the psychological problems , since for many engineering incidences the technical problems had occupied an overwhelming part .
Hence in this essay I will argue about the proportion of psychological problem and technological problems during engineering incidence and give a conclusion from my own view .
incidencesproblemsBased on the report provided bhimself(1990) , 92% of all nuclear utility accidents between 1983-1984 were caused byhimselfnd only 8% of them were cause by control room operator .
For instanerious incidences which are cited frequently in technical literature .
They were happened in Three Mile Island and Chernobyl .
The failing for the first one include: operators are unprepared to handle serious accident due to the lack of training; complex and confusing operating procedure led to the operators' incorrect action; serious managerial problem within the Nuclear Regulatory Commission .
None of these deficiencies explain thwasbasic causes in terms of the 'operating error' .
Moreover Reason(1987) suggests two main reasons for this kind of incidence in his own report for Chernobyl .
The first factor related werepeople misunderstands of effect of their action on the whole system , and the second factor is kind of persistent action which is made by a small and cohesive group in the process of pursuing an unsuitable aim .
What is the most iroidences for his theories is that afterproblemsing these engineering psychology problems , quite a lot of America's nuclear institutes begin to train their staff in a psychology-related way , which indeed prevent the nuclear accidents from happening again till now .
problemsTo sum up we can conclude from these two aspects that the human factors and the technical factor areonnected incidenceshave not happenedayed a role in the accident .
To simply solve one of them will contribute nothisolvethe accident .
Engineering accidents are not always caused by technical problems and the issue of engineering psychology will become hotter and hotter witht of technology in the area of advanced transportation , co-operative work , teleworking , health , pollution and leisure .
problem* Blum , M . L . (1952) Readings in Experimental Industrial Psychology .
Prentice-Hall: New York
* Reason , J . T . (1987) The Chernobyl Errors .
Bulletin of The British Psychological Society , 40 , 201-206 .
* Reason , J .
(1990) Human Error .
Cambridge University Press: Cambridge
* {NEI Source Book: Fourth Edition (NEISB_3 .3 .A1)}[HYPERLINK: http://www .insc .anl .gov/neisb/neisb4/NEISB_3 .3 .A1 .html]
With the fast development of human society , we are facing more and more demanding energy requirements .
After centuries' exploitation , oil and coal , which human have deeply relied on in the past few hundred years , will dry up soon .
As prediction shows , the two main energy resources will be unable to sustain the industry demands in less than one hundred years time .
To solve this problem , people tried to find different energy substitutions , among which is nuclear energy .
Nuclear energy has many advantages .
Firstly , it is environmental-friendly , with no greenhouse gas emitted .
Secondly , nucofhas incomparable workihumansficiency with other energy resources .
One kilogram uranium soon dry up the same amount of energy as that released by 2400 tons of standard coal .
As carbon dioxide emission soars and energy demands increase rapidly recent years , the nuclehave triedtion is finding its way to the table .
To satisfy the increasing demands of nuclear energy , scientists are desperately searching for ways to improve the reactors' work efficiency .
Consequently , generation IV nuclear systems are born , including six models .
They are Gas-cooled fast reactor , lead-cooled fast reactor , molten salt reactor , sodium-cooled fast reactor supercritical-water-cooled reachave increasedvery-highinrature reactor .
Among all kinds of nuclear reactors , very-high-temperature reactor is an advanced one and has a broad prospect .
It supplies heat with high core outlet temperatures , which enables applicwereons sucwhich includesogen production or process heat for the petrochemical industry .
This allows for more efficient conversion of heat to electricity .
What's more , the recycling system is well-developed .
Given so many advantages of VHTR , we should devote more effort in promoting the reactor development .
However , some people may doubt the practicability of building such a high-efficiency nuclear reactor since it operates under such a high temperature .
Actually this should not be a worry .
Generation IV International Forum (GIF) , as the authority in nuclear power development , has shown the data which demonstrates that the basic technology for the VHTR has been well established in former High Temperature Gas Reactors plants .
Many prototypes are available as experience to develop VHTR .
Many national laboratory and vendors are very keen in the research of VHTR , such as: PBMR , GT-HTR300C , ANTARES , NHDD , GT-MHR and NGNP in South Africa , Japan , France , Republic of Korea and the United States .
Many of them have made significant breakthrough .
Hence , there is a great chance that VHTR will come to the world soon .
As the result of scary impressions left by two severe nuclear plants accidents in history , many people reject VHTR because of the security issue .
However , we should see the two accidents are both due to human factors rather than the reactors' own deflects .
What's more , many scientistsve studied the operation security of VHTR , like Hu , S . , Liang , X . , Wei , L . He reported his research results in "{Commissioning and Operation experience and safety experiment at HTR-10}[HYPERLINK: http://htr2006 .co .za/downloads/final_download_papers/D00000052 .pdf]" , on the Third International Topical Meeting on High Temperature Reactor Technology in South Africa and put forwards some constructive suggestions to improve the security condition of high temperature reactors .
Considering all these inspiring achievements on VHTR , we should have confidence that we will build secure nuclear reactors which will avoid tragedies happening .
competitionsAfter all the above , we can see that we have many reasons to support arch on VHTR .
It deserves all the effort , no matter in terms of security insurance or work efficiency .
In other words , VHTR has the promising potential to be the future enesupplier .
Soreturnse should pay more attention on the developing progress and give more financial support .
And we should be optimistic that we can realize our dreamto build VHTR before 2020 and have absubstitutionslear energy .
Originated from the Ernest Rutherford's theory about atomic structure and Albert Einstein's well known mass-energy formula , the development of nuclear power has bypassed a glorious century and become one of the major electrical energy sources now (U .S . Department of Energy , n .d .) .
While amazed by the enormous energy generated by the tiny mass , people are also concerned about the negative perspectives of nuclear power .
Those against the development of nuclear power claim that it is safety threatening , costly in research and building plants , and not renewable (Public Citizen , 2006) .
Nevertheless , with the gas-cooled fast reactors (GFR) concept in hand , further research and funding should be devoted to expanding nuclear power .
The major refutan to developing nuclear power is about its threat to the safety of the public since conventional nuclear power produces radioactive waste and has a possibility of nuclear powhas becomeliferation (Public Citizen , 2006) .
However , safetn once the GFR concept is deployed .
GFR utilizes the waste reprocessing method , which minimizes the public's exposure to nuclear waste's radioactivity (Butler , 2004) .
Besides , the primary GFR core is loaded with transuranics from spent LWR fuel such that the plutonium created in waste reprocessing is diluted and consequently the proliferation resistance of the nuclear power plants is enhanced (Hejzlar , Pope , Williams & Driscoll , 2005) .
Furthermore , GFR adopts a passive cool-down system that reduces human's intervention substantially and thus enhances the safety of nuclear power plants (Butler , 2004) .
People also argue that developing nuclear power technology and constructing nuclear power plants are too expensive and it is not worthwhile since other cleaner energy sources could be cheaper in the future (Public Citizen , 2006) .
Nevertheless , analyses have been done with the result that plant capital cost can be reduced by up to 25% compared to the traditional Rankine cycle using the supercritical CO2 direct cycle (Hejzlar , Pope , Williams & Driscoll , 2005) .
Moreover , besides electricity power , GFR concept plants can also output hydrogen (Butler , 2004) .
Subsequently , it counterbalances its large cost to a great extent .
Another great concern of environmentalists is that the amount of Uranium on earth is limited , which means that nuclear power is not sustainable and subsequently less worthwhile for further development (Golay , 2004) .
Nonetheless , it has been shown that GFR achieves high Uranium utilization by breeding , also known as reprocessing (Hejzlar , Pope , Williams & Driscoll , 2005) .
Analyses also indicate that the amount of Uranium resources was increased by 15 percentages in two years to 2007 for intensified mineral exploration and iproducelso proven that Thorium can also act as nuclear fuel (World of Nuclear Association , 2009) .
As a result , the limitation of Uranium would be less of concern while considering the expansion of nuclear power .
With consideration of the current worldwide energy shortage , population expansion and global warming , it is appealing to bring about the generation IV nuclear power supply using GFR concept for its tremendous energy output and zero carbon emission .
Nevertheless , obstacles like finding irradiation-resistant materials and core design still need to be overcome by researches through hard work (Butler , 2004) .
Contrary to the opponents' concerns about nuclear power safety , cost and sustainability , it has been shown in the above that the generation IV nuclear power supply under the GFR concept is able to achieve higher safety goals , lower its building cost and make great economic contribution by splitting hydrogen , and exhibit improved sustainability .
Meanwhile , it produces immense energy and is free of carbon emission , which makes it even more ideal for power supply .
It is then predictable that the near future would witness the rise of nuclear power equipped with the generation IV reactor concept , GFR .
The Chernobyl incident on 26 April 1986 at Soviet Union was one of the most tragic catastrophes .
When the nuclear reactor exploded , tons of radioactive substances were released into the atmosphere .
The result was a contaminated food cycle and acute cancer-related illnesses .
Some of the damage reports done by scientists suggest that a minimal of 30000 deaths in 1986 were related to cancer arising from extreme exposure to the radiation .
To add on to the figures , the current death toll stands at a frightening 500000 .
According to Blackeye(2004) , the accident was primarily caused by a flawed Soviet designed reactor .
This reactor , named reactor bolshoy moshchnosty kanalny(RBMK) was actually meant for producing nuclear weapons .
Design of the reactor was such that even when the rate of cooling of the reactor was insufficient to compensate the increase in temperature , it will still be operational .
In other reactor designs , either the plant or the reactors will be automatically shut down .
This tragic event could have been avoided , or at least , the resultant damage  kept minimal if psychology was implemented in the operating process and procedures of the plant .
The use of psychology could have minimized the damage or even prevented the accident by influencing the engineers to use a reactor that is safer and has a negative void coefficient .
This is because should things turn out not be as expected , thousands or even millions of people could be affected .
Also , the people working in the power station should not be placed under danger
Next , in order to make the power plant as profitable as possible , use of psychology was omitted .
Steps associated with safety were excluded from the daily routine .
Also , accident prevention system coverage was not extensive .
Companies running the plant would only see the extra steps mentioned above to be unnecessary .
If psychology was used , the accident would probably not have happened as the Soviet government would fund part of the maintenance cost so that the necessary steps to ensure a safe working environment could be implemented .
Hence , the accident could have been prevented .
Thirdly , as mentioned by ILO Online(2006) , there was an absence of proper training and safe working environment .
The workers were not given adequate training to handle and operate the machinery involved .
While some may argue that training was unrecorded or informal , it is only proper to provide authorized and thorough training so that accidents can be avoided .
As the saying goes , it is human to make mistakes .
Based on Wilpert(2007) ,had psychology been used in this context , the explosion at Chernobyl could have been averted .
As mentioned in the previous point , funding from the government could have helped to reduce the strain on the firm running the plant .
External parties could have been called in to provide the training required .
With reference to the points mentioned above , it can be clearly seen that in today's context , where technology is getting more and more advanced , the consequences of a failure or breakdown in high-tech installations is devastating .
Applying the use of psychology in the engineering design processes may make it more costly and slow it down .
Nevertheless , when it comes to safety aspect , it definitely pays to add another step to the process and take precautions .
26 April 1986 marked the day when the lives of many in Ukraine changed forever .
Stemming from a simple experiment by engineers to test the cooling pump system when there is no power supply , the series of events that followed snowballed into the better known Chernobyl disaster .
At the end of it all , many were left dead and many more affected by the radioactive plume .
If the decisions by the engineers at duty in the plant were delivered with consideration , the Chernobyl disaster would not have tainted history .
Therefore the use of psychology in influencing engineers towards making proper decisions is a crucial one .
Psychology enhances understanding of design processes , helps foresee problems and as a result reduces problems too .
The opposition might argue on the cost and the need to implement psychology in an engineering design process but the imminent need to prevent accidents overpowers all opposition .
The use of psychology in design processes reduces problems by enabling an engineer to consider the pros and cons of his decision .
With psychology as a guiding tool , engineers are able to think of the possible fallbacks of their decisions .
Most design related problems are because of the difficulty people face in understanding the consequences of their actions (Stanton , 1996) .
While opponents might argue on the impertinence of the use of psychology and its effectiveness in reducing problems , it is undeniable that the use of psychology makes all team members take meticulous care in implementing decisions and hence make the design process safer .
Furthermore , the use of psychology lubricates cohesiveness among team members making the working environment friendlier .
A friendly environment would mean opinions are effectively shared .
Stanton (1996) remarked that the Chernobyl incident sparked due to the syndrome he terms as "groupthink" where small groups become unswerving in the face of an unfavorable situation .
With the use of psychology , members in the team are at greater ease in challenging a wrong decision and thus stalling an accident .
On the other hand , one could argue that the cost of hiring a psychologist is too high and cohesiveness can be easily achieved through games and interaction .
However , many of these people fail to consider the number of lives that are placed in jeopardy should the design process fail .
Therefore , the use of psychology and thus the need to hire a psychologist can be considered as an investment to prevent accidents .
The use of psychology would seek to improve engineering designs by preventing  human errors associated with the process .
A psychologist will seek to understand the mindsets of various members and thus foresee human error on their parts .
Shelton (1999) discussed the impact of human error on even the simplest tasks .
With human error being the trigger to accidents (Wilpert ,2007) , it is very crucial to nip human error in the bud .
Opponents might suggest ergonomics instead .
They would challenge that the design process should be made to suit the engineer so that human error on man's part can be avoided .
This argument cannot hold mainly because human error is evident everywhere and changing the design process would only mean a new set of human errors .
Instead with the use of psychology aiding the sculpting of a safe design process  , we can prevent accidents .
In conclusion , the use of psychology plays a huge role in facilitating any design process and ensuring that mishaps are completely avoided .
In the case of the Chernobyl accident , if psychology was inculcated , the mistakes by the engineers could have been prevented .
Many lives could have been spared .
Many people would have been freed from the painful marks of the Chernobyl accident .
Even though many would argue on the prospects of using psychology in design processes , one can say that the use of psychology depicts an accident free future vividly .
As more engineers feel stressful from their high workload , psychologist plays an important role in their work .
Most engineers only care about how to apply technology into practice , but they seldom care about how to make products that can be used easily .
Designing products should considering psychological factors for consumers and operators .
An inadequate industrial design may lead catastrophic consequences .
(Bernhard , 2006) Many people argue that psychology is non-related with engineering design; companies do not need to spend extra money on the unnecessary outcome .
But I consider psychology as the requisite factor for engineering work .
Human error has been recognized as the main reason for industry accidents; psychology can prevent human error happening .
(Woods , 1994)
.Some managers are against employing psychologists because ta psychologistnd extra money on psychologists' salaries .
If 3 psycholists serve the whole company , every psychologist can get 4000 Singapore dollars per month , and then three psychologists will get 144000 Singapore dollars includecompany for one year .
The amount is a large outcome .
Three Mile Island accident was resulead to by human error and designproblems (Backgr .under on The Three Mile Island Accident , 2009) .
The whole factory was in ruin , all the residents living in the villages that close to the Three Mile Island must move away .
It is much expensive then S$144000 , and thousands of lives were threatened .
would have beenwould have knownhad .the valvewasshould have beenwas . .components .People  out of company .
They forget that counseling fee is very expensivsolveneers usually do not look for psychologists by themsnot thes .
The worofficiency is different when people work in different feelings .
People cannottoave an active aandtde when theyre under hithat belongssure .
Psychology can help them to have an active work .
The earth is fdeservesncrease in global temperature , which is commonly known as global warming .
This is resulted from the emissions of greenhouse gas , such as carbon dioxide , in energy generation using fossil fuels .
Besides , with the rapid development of industry and huge increase of population , there are booming energy demands in every country .
As a result , there is an urgent need to find substitute for coal and oil .
Under such circumstances , scientists and engineers find out a new kind of energy-nuclear energy .
Nuclear power technology is expected to provide clean and sufficient energy in the future .
However , there is much debate over this technology .
Cost and security are the two main reasons for opposition to nuclear power technology in many countries .
Even with these two reasons , it is still necessary to provide funding for research on nuclear power .
Opponents of nuclear power technology argue over the security of such technology .
Many people worry about radiation and other serious accidents .
According to Butler (2004) , partial reactor melted down in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , and of the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , during which the reactor core exploded , killing some 31 people immediately [1] .
However , nucsubstitutesor designers take security into account when they are designing and cohave foundung a nuclear plant .
Tcalledere are many internal and external facilities built to ensure secure operation .
Thus , current nuclear power plants are able to withstand accidents from various events based on design .
For example , in England , the controlling computers will shut down the reactor automatically if something abnormal happens .
Moreover , "Laws and statues exist in most countries to ensure the safe operation of nuclear plant" (Lillington , 2004) [2] .
Hence , security of nuclear energy generation can be guaranteed and it is no need to worry too much about security .
thereAnother reason for opposition to nuclear power is the high cost of reactor construction .
It is very expensive to construct and maintain and run a nuclear power plant .
However , scientists and engineers are trying to simplify the reactors .
In generation IV , ircritical-water-cooled reactor (SCWR) , many parts can be cut from the design compared to previous light water reactLWR) , thus reducing construction cost .
According to Stephens (2006) , the US spends $1 billion on FutureGen project which aims at development of carbon capture and storage technologies (CCS) [3] .
In addition , the global warming effects may result in droughts which will reduce crop production and air pollution can result in acid rain which can corrode many properties .
The usage of nuclear power helps to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gas , slowing down global warming and purifying air which will in turn reduce the indirect cost of greenhouseas .
A .Finally , funding should be provided for research on nuclear power technology .
Fossil fuel is depletable energy .
It is running out at a high speed .
Substitute must be found before fossil fuel is totally run out .
Nuclear energy is a good alternative .
Currently , nuclear industry is generating 17% of the world's electricity .
If technical hurdles involved in building the next generation of reactors can be solved by scientists and engineers , then we can get secure , inexpensive , and abundant energy .
It is very likely that in the near future , nuclear energy will be one main energy resources .
In conclusion , the opposition reasons of nuclear power technology can be overthrow .
The nuclear power technology can solve not only environmental pSubstitutessed by the combustion of fossil fu , but alsrunsnergy shortage at low cost and in environmental-friendly way .
In this situation , nuclear power deserves the research funding for further development .
Supercritical-water-cooled reactor is a nuclear reactor which uses supercritical-water , water at very high pressure , as coolant .
It functions in temperature ranging from approximately 500 to 650 degrees Celsius and at very high pressure .
Many skeptics oppose the idea of building nuclear reactors as they fear that a similar incident to that in Chernobyl might happen again .
However , I believe this is not very likely as supercritical-water-cooled reactor is designed differently to avoid such an incident from reoccurring .
In addition , the benefits that a supercritical-water-cooled reactor could bring are worth further researching and funding in the supercritical-water-cooled reactor .
Many skeptics oppose the idea of building nuclear reactors due to worries of their safe operation .
One major nuclear incident was that in Chernobyl CITATION Dav04 \l 1033 (Bodansky , 2004) .
This reactor back then worked on a positive void coefficient of reactivity .
Therefore , when the control rods went wrong , the reactor entered a series of positive feedbacks and was unable to stop the reactivity of the nuclear reactor .
This resulted in continuous rise in temperature which caused the carbon part of the nuclear core to catch fire due to the high heat within the reactor .
The fire and explosion from the reactors caused the widespread of nuclear substance into the air and hence a devastating nuclear incident .
However , the supercritical-water-cooled reactor works on a negative void coefficient which will reduce the reactivity of the reactors , should any problem arise .
The nuclear reactor would be shut down if the nuclear core was to malfunction or the cooling system was to leak , thereby halting all nuclear reactivity .
These will put the nuclear reactivity under control .
Therefore the worries of the skeptics are unnecessary and further research and funding of the supercritical-water-cooled reactor should take place .
Secondly , skeptics argue that under high temperature and pressure , materials tend to deteriorate faster and become weak .
Therefore building a reactor to run under the conditions of a supercritical-water-cooled reactor could be dangerous .
I agree that under high temperature and pressure , materials generally tend to deteriorate faster and would have a lower lifespan .
However , the structure of the supercritical-water-cooled reactor is designed such that its pressure threshold rises with temperature .
(Baindur , 2008) This makes the skeptics' worry redundant as the structure is designed to specifically operate under  high temperature and pressure .
Therefore , further research and funding in the supercritical-water-cooled reactor should take place .
Lastly , the benefits that a supercritical-water-cooled reactor could bring make it worthwhile to continue research and funding  into the reactor .
The reactor is much more efficient than conventional light water reactors: the supercritical-water-cooled reactor has a thermal efficiency of 45% which is approximately one-third higher than that of conventional light water reactors  (Baindur , 2008) .
Furthermore , the supercritical-water-cooled reactor is just an improvement of the conventional water reactor , making it relatively cheap to build .
Also , nuclear power is not a source of carbon dioxide , a major greenhouse gas that causes global warming .
The high thermal efficiency and environmental friendly characteristic of the supercritical-water-cooled reactor make it attractive to build the reactor .
Therefore , there should be further research and funding into the building of supercritical-water-cooled reactor .
In conclusion , the skeptics' worries of safety are redundant with the current level of technology .
In addition , the high efficiency and environmental friendly characteristic of a supercritical-water-cooled reactor make it profitable , in the long run , to build .
Hence there should be further research and funding into the building of supercritical-water-cooled reactors to further improve on this new generation IV reactor concept .
Title: Should countries support further research and development funding for Very-High-Temperature Reactors ?
In conclusion , the VHTR is highly feasible , safe and efficient .
Though the danger of nuclear reactors can never be completely avoided , the VHTR may offer the best solution to the increasingly sever energy shortage .
Therefore , countries should support further research and development funding for the very-high-temperature reactor .
On July 17 , 1981 in Kansas City , Missouri , United States , The Hyatt Regency walkway collapse killed 114 people and injured more than 200 others during a tea dance .
It was one of the deadliest structural collapses in U .S . history (Martin , 1981 .
The accident was caused by the lack of communication between the designers and the constructors .
Although it may not be possible to avoid all accidents from happening , we can take some measures to decrease the possibility of risks .
The involvement of psychology during engineering processing is a helpful and practicable measure .
It can lower the possibility of accidents that are caused by human factors .
In the case of walkway collapse , it can be estimated that if psychology was applied during the structural processing , the collapse would have been avoided .
The design and construction of building are regarded as the work of engineers and irrelevant with psychology .
However , people are likely to make mistakes in every aspect in life , including engineering processing .
Lots of accidents are caused by human factors rather than technical problems or financial liability .
Previous research finds that about 90 percent of engineering accidents are due to human errors (Gordon & Flin , 2001 .
Hence , psychology , a human science which studies human's mental processes and behaviors can help to decrease the mistakes caused by human factors ( .
To further explain it , psychology can be used to analyse the man-made reasons which causes errors , such as engineers' attitudes , habits and social ability .
After that we can obtain some strategies from the analysis and utilize them in the engineering processing to prevent accidents from happening .
In the Hyatt Regency walkway collapse , the design was modified halfway , which was thought as a small trivial by both the designers and the constructors .
They believed that the party had rechecked the details , while in fact nobody did before construction .
Therefore it can be expected that if psychology was involved during the construction , this tragedy caused by lack of responsibility would not have occurred at all !
Some opponents argue that it is a "wise after event" or just an imagination to use psychology during engineering processing , for it is hard to combine  abstract psychology with concrete engineering processing .
However , as a branch of today's applied psychology , psychology in industrial safety is quite practical and convenient to conduct .
What needs to be done is to organize some training sessions which can make the engineers more skillful , or some meetings that cover the common mistakes in engineering processing which embed the awareness of safety in people's mind .
Furthermore , there could also be some encouraging activities which help to build the engineers' loyalty towards their companies and help them to realize their importance in the companies .
Study has proved that when employees feel they are valued during a mission , they tend to be more responsible and as a result , the safety and quantity of production are greatly improved (Kelley , 1996 .
As for the collapse accident , if somebody had been responsible and rechecked the design , it could have been avoided .
To summarize , If psychology was involved in the building of Hyatt Regency walkway collapse , which was a practicable measure , this unfortunate accident would have been eliminated at the very beginning .
Nuclear power is a great discovery in human history .
Nowadays , nuclear technology is widely used as an extra resource for electric generators .
It is clean and stable .
Many people believe that nuclear power plant will take the place of our traditional electric generators in the future .
However , people don't realize that there will be many problems caused by using nuclear technology , in terms of environment , cost , and nature resources .
As a big breakthrough , nuclear power was discovered by two Germany scientists , Otto Hahn and Fritz Stresemannin 1938 .
They found that , when they used a neutron to collide with another heavy nuclear , the nuclear broke into two parts and there was some mass lost .
The lost mass generates what we call "atomic energy" ,  .
After that , the atomic bomb came up , which led to end of the World War II .
Actually , the reason why atomic bomb killed so many people is not the explosion itself .
it is the radiation generated by the Uranium and chain reaction .
The radiation will not dissipate within 100 years .
When people began to use controlled chain reaction , they were really concerned about the radiation and the impact on environment .
From early 1960s to 1980s there were several anti-nuclear movements in United Sates , which showed people's concern about the nuclear power .
Although the Atomic Energy Commission had advocated for peaceful uses of nuclear power since the development of a atomic bomb , people were still worried about that .
Although we cannot say it is safe enough to use nuclear power , Uranium is really a clean and cheap resource compared to coal and oil .
First , it won't give off carbon dioxide and sulphur dioxide , which has a positive impact on our environment .
We are really worried about the Green house gases now , there is  data to show that every year the temperature globally increases from 0 .2 to 0 .3 degree Celsius .
So , it is very effective to use Uranium to stop the Green house gases .
Second , the cost of purifying Uranium and getting coal which generate the same amount of energy is almost the same .
It is means that the cost is acceptable .
Pure Uranium is easy to transport , because only 1 ton of Uranium will  use the same energy as burning 5000tons of coal .
So , many countries , including U .S , China , Russia , France , U .K and Japan , have begun to use Uranium .
In the twentieth century , the safety of using Uranium is still under  discussion .
A few accidents have happened during the Uranium's purification  and reaction process .
Our human ability is limited .
We cannot say that we have fully controlled the nuclear reaction process , but it now can be controlled and  rate .
What our government is happy to hear is that , Uranium is still enough to support us for hundreds of years , although it is hard to be purified .
There are many Uranium mines existing underground .
Nuclear power plants first started in 1954 and proliferated rapidly due to its many advantages over conventional fossil-fuel plants .
Today , there are altogether 439 nuclear power reactors in operation throughout the world(International Atomic Energy Agency [IAEA] , 2009) .
However in the 1970s , nuclear accidents at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl stirred up a big controversy over nuclear power and practically halted the development of nuclear power in many countries (Butler , 2004) .
The argument is that the nuclear plants are a safety hazard to the country and is a probable target for terrorists .
In addition , environmental risks from nuclear waste and discovery of other renewable energy sources also contributed to the push for phasing out nuclear power which had lasted for several decades .
Lately , a number of new designs for nuclear power generation , known as Generation IV reactors , are the subject of active research and may lead to the revival of nuclear power in the future .
One such design is the SCWR which attempts to eliminate or reduce previously debated risks surrounding nuclear power .
While some may be skeptical on tapping nuclear power due to various issues , the new SCWR will alleviate their concerns if there is continual research and development funding for the design to materialize .
Critics believe that nuclear power is not safe as it poses a health risk to workers and the public due to low-level radiation from the plants .
They are also concerned that the new reactors will reenact the events leading to past disastrous nuclear accidents that had resulted in high fatality .
On the contrary , studies conducted by non-profit , neutral agencies have found no compelling evidence of a correlation between nuclear power and risk of cancer caused by exposure to high radiation level(National Cancer Institute [NCI] , 1996) .
The studies done are based on comparing the number of cancer patients in the vicinity of nuclear power and non nuclear power settlements .
According to another report , nuclear power accidents have also caused fewer deaths than accidents related to other forms of energy(World Nuclear Association , 2009) .
Besides that , the SCWR is also integrated with passive simplified safety system that can eliminate boiling crisis instances common in nuclear accidents(Buongiorno , 2002) .
Hence , there is less reliance on sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators .
Less dependence on human will equate to lower risks as human error was a significant factor in most nuclear accidents(Butler , 2004) .
In the event of an unlikely emergency , extensive evacuation plan and protective actions will be carried out and coordinated between governments and power plant officials(N .S .NRC , 2008) .
One concern expressed by the public and governments is the vulnerability of plants to attack by terrorists as well as the usage of nuclear waste by product as a weapon .
Under the new SCWR power plant security blueprint , these concerns are well taken into consideration .
More patrols , stronger and more capable security forces , additional physical barriers , greater stand-off distances for vehicle checks  , more restrictive site access controls were introduced to minimize security risks(U .S .URC , 2008) .
The United Nations had also called upon the world leaders to improve security in order to prevent radioactive material from falling into the hands of terrorists .
There are also plans for a centralized , permanent , and secure waste repositories to be built and for security stationed along transportation routes to be increased(BBC , 2003) .
Apart from the increase in nuclear plants' security , enhanced scram system fitted in SCWR could shut down a reactor in less than 5 second severely deterring a terrorist force with  any intention to release radioactivity(Gonyeau , 2006) .
Lastly , the SCWR is also able to operate without having to depend on the much debated reprocessing of plutonium waste(Butler , 2004) .
Opponents perceive costs and performance of nuclear reactors as inferior to conventional reactors .
It was pointed out that the costs of constructing a nuclear plant , decommissioning nuclear facilities and the costs of storing nuclear waste are expensive .
Materials needed for the plants are also either costly , rare or do not exist yet .
Moreover , much public subsidy funding and tax expenditures are consumed in nuclear research and development projects when they could be used to invest in alternative renewable energy technologies .
However , the SCWR will actually be economically viable .
Far simpler designs , with elimination of circulation pumps , pressurizers , steam generators , steam separators and dryers reduce its capital and building costs(Butler , 2004) .
Additionally , the supercritical coolant has a high specific enthalpy and promises to deliver high thermal efficiencies of approximately 45% versus the current 33% of light water reactors(Buongiorno , 2002) .
Combination of higher operating temperature which increases power output and low fuel utilization translates to cheaper energy .
The SCWR estimates are at $900/kWe and  2 .9/kWh(Buongiorno , 2002) which can be considered to meet the economic and sustainability requirements .
So despite its high initial capital cost and operation , nuclear power is still competitive with fossil fuel for electricity generation .
If the social , health and environmental costs are also taken into account , nuclear power plants will be exceedingly outstanding compared to fossil-fueled plants(World Nuclear Association[WNA] , 2009) .
Finally , experts speculated that increasing scarcity of oil will drive oil prices up to $100 and $150 per barrel in the future(Huffman , 2009) which will lead to an increase in energy prices for fossil-fueled power plants .
It is evident that in the long run , when energy cost for fossil-fueledplantstincreasese continually , using nuclear power for electricity generation is much more economical .
To sum it all , SCWR can effectively meet the requirements of the modern globalised world  while addressing all the various concerns .
It is specifically designed to be very safe and free from accidents .
Newer technology helps to increase energy security as well as produces cleaner energy .
Many security enhancements will also be put in place to protect the plants from potential terrorist threats .
In fact , SCWR is considered to be proliferation resistant .
In addition , it is categorised as a more efficient and cheaper energy source than conventional power technologies .
SCWR could indeed replace prevalent fossil-fuel reactors by economical standards .
With continual R&D funding for development , SCWR will become a reliable and bountiful source of power in the future .
"Nuclear power is going to be an important part of our energy mix !"
declared President Obama's secretary of energy (Biello , 2009) .
To the mind of opponents of nuclear power , the construction of nuclear power plants will put Mother Earth under threat as nuclear accidents , such as the notorious Chernobyl in year 1986 , can cause massive destruction to the environment and more importantly , they are inevitable .
However , as the days go by , the number of opponents against nuclear energy is decreasing due to the advancements in technology and the realization of the need for alternative sources of power .
Out of the six Generation-IV (Gen-IV) nuclear reactors that are introduced , the supercritical water-cooled reactor (SCWR) appears to show the most potential to be the nuclear power plant for the next generation  .
Not only is it safer and more cost efficient , but it also yields the most consistent performance as compared to the other types of nuclear reactors .
As the name suggest , the coolant of the SCWR uses water , which is safer than other types of cooling agents .
This gives people a sense of security when SCWR is used .
However , advocates may argue that water in such nuclear reactor behaves differently due to the high pressurization required for it to reach a temperature of as high as 300 Degrees Celsius .
Comparatively , other types of coolant agent , such as sodium , react more actively in air and  may cause a massive explosion and a sudden discharge of radioactive particles into the air if leakage were to occur .
(Clonemaster , n .d .) As such , water is the preferred option as a leakage will , at most , contaminate the water in the surrounding of the nuclear power plant and such an occurrence will only pose limited damage to our environment .
(Hindell , 1999) Moreover , SCWR is a modification of the proven light water reactor technology , which is operating extensively in the world currently (OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , n .d . ) .
With the absence of any major accidents involving these nuclear reactors , we can safely conclude that the usage of SCWR is more secured than the new concepts of power plants , for which their technology is yet to be fully enhanced .
The cost of electricity generated is another factor that will be of immense concern to the public .
It will be unrealistic if one has to pay much more for every kilowatt of electricity used .
Ideally , SCWR uses water which is available at a very low cost , as compared to lead and helium .
Nevertheless , critics will point to the unavailability of technology to develop materials , such as the corrosive-resistant core structure that will be able to withstand SCWR conditions (OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , n .d .) , resulting in the large amount of investments required to be pumped into the research of such materials .
The cost of implementation of the SCWR may then seem to be too steep .
In spite of this argument , the capital cost of electricity generated from the SCWR will be lower in the long run , due to the simplicity of its structure  that will make up for the high initial building cost (Buongiorno , 2002) .
This can be backed up by the fact that most nuclear power plants can operate beyond their typical design lifespan of 30-40 years with proper maintenance and the gradual improvement of technology (International Atomic Energy Agency , 2009) .
Consequently , it will be wise to choose the SCWR ahead of the other Gen-IV reactors when it comes to producing low cost power for the future .
Looking at the rate of performance of the SCWR , it is incomparable to the other Gen-IV reactors .
Due to the low temperature where the SCWR process lies , the amount of output power will be at a slight disadvantage over the other forms of Gen-IV reactors .
Furthermore , SCWR produces only electricity as compared to lead-cooled fast reactors which produce both electricity and hydrogen power (Butler , 2004) .
Nonetheless , the inferiority in the rate of performance of the SCWR should not be a discouraging factor to its construction .
Instead , the reliability of the Gen-IV reactors should be the utmost concern while their performance rate should only be the secondary consideration .
If the reactors can operate safely without serious incidents of malfunctioning , which are more likely in the case of SCWR , a continuous supply of power can then be generated without disrupting the lives of the public .
This is evident from the fact that SCWR is a simpler plant , in terms of its design and structure as compared to other types of reactors (Buongiorno & Macdonald , 2003) .
Otherwise , there will be a shortage of power supply for months in an event of a breakdown; these nuclear reactors will prove to be a liability , rather than a power generation asset to the public during these periods .
As such , the consistent performance of the SCWR will be a crucial factor that allows it to stand out among the other Gen-IV reactors .
In conclusion , the SCWR is the  ideal candidate for the next generation of nuclear power reactors .
Besides being dependable for its continuous supply of power , it is also the cheapest and the safest alternative among all choices .
As we move away from our dependency on the combustion of coal for energy , we must , at the same time , ensure that the alternative source will be able to perform as well .
In the meantime , this is impossible but at the rate which environmental organizations are progressing , I envision the day where we have zero dependence on coal for energy and SCWR takes its place at full speed !
The soundtrack , My Heart Will Go On sung by Celine Dion , was the theme song for the Oscar winning mega blockbuster movie , Titanic .
The movie was based on a true story whereby the ship named Titanic collided  with an iceberg and sank on its maiden voyage .
Eventually , it became one the worst maritime accidents that occurred during peacetime .
Being the largest , most luxurious and technologically advanced liner of her time (FDS Development , n .d) , the Titanic clearly enjoyed the prestige .
However , her downfall was partly due to human error .
Since then , more attention had been given to the area of human psychology in relation to engineering design process .
In view of this , I believe that this is the appropriate direction we should adopt to prevent major accidents from happening .
According to Jones , some experts believe that technology is increasing equipment reliability and at the same time , reducing human reliability (Richard Bradley Jones , 1995) .
As such , many critics tend to argue that the role for psychology in engineering design is insignificant .
It is true that technology is able to perform complex and multiple functions at the shortest possible time with precise readings .
However , we often fail to realize that it is actually we , humans who create and manage technology .
Since we do make mistakes and assumptions , we cannot simply assume that all technologies are perfect .
Rather , we should focus on the psychology of engineers and scientists who invent and apply the technology to meet our worldly needs .
In the case of Titanic , the ship was equipped with high technology water compartment system that would shut special doors in the event of any emergency .
This led engineers to think that Titanic was the safest ship at that point of time .
The Titanic was equipped with only 20 lifeboats , so that bulky lifeboats would not take up precious deck space for the first class passengers .
There were 20 lifeboats having a total capacity of 1178 people which was only enough to hold half of the Titanic passengers (History On The Net , 2007) .
This illustrates the point that despite having improved technology , accidents can still happen due to over-confidence and reliance on technology .
Furthermore , the idea of the Titanic being "sinkable" supported the notion that people at that time were overly confident .
While we understand that technology can help to prevent accidents when applied appropriately , it ultimately falls to the management of people .
Therefore if the engineers of the Titanic were prudent in the engineering design process , they would have included a high margin of safety factor to anticipate possible failure during its construction  .
Needless to say , the fatalities of that collision would have been minimized .
Not surprisingly , many detractors suggest that the main reason why the Titanic sank was due to the fact that the terrain at which Titanic was sailing was poor .
During the night before the collision , the ocean was icy cold and was filled with icebergs .
This made navigation difficult .
There were more icebergs in the North Atlantic that year than it had been for fifty years (White Star Line , n .d) .
While it is true that we cannot control the climate to suit our needs , we can always suit the environment by taking a proactive stance in contingency planning .
By taking a proactive stance in planning , we can identify our main priority and set goals achieving it in view of a possible setback .
One of the reasons why the Titanic sank was  the fact that the safety was being compromised for aesthetics and convenience .
For instance , the telegraphers ignored warnings from other ships about the icebergs ahead .
Instead , they were so busy sending private messages for the passengers , so they did not think about those warnings that much (BBC , 2000) .
When the crew spotted an iceberg ahead , the ship was steering too fast and could not avoid it despite performing emergency procedures .
This showed that the telegrapher had a wrong mindset in the first place .
He gave priority for private messages over the safety of the ship .
This mindset was probably induced by the culture of the working environment of the Titanic .
As the Titanic was exclusive and luxurious , the culture of the staff working was to first please their occupants , then consider safety .
Such a mindset can also be seen even in today's service industry whereby "customer is always first" .
In addition , the Captain of the Titanic did not reduce the speed at which the ship was traveling in order to arrive at their destination earlier .
He had in fact been influenced to "speed up" not necessarily in order for the Titanic to set a crossing record , but to beat the Olympic's (Titanic's sister ship) crossing record (Titanic and Other White Star Line , n .d) .
These only go to show that the crew of the Titanic had set the wrong priorities .
Therefore , if we neglect the psychological aspect of any engineering application , we can be certain that more accidents will happen .
In the case of the Titanic , the accident could had been avoided if the Captain had adopted a 'safety first' culture in the workplace and had made contingency plans for any emergency .
In conclusion , we cannot deny  the fact that psychology had an impact on the way we process and manage technology .
So long as there is a human factor in the engineering process , the use of psychology is inevitable .
In fact as we rely more on technology , we place more responsibilities on the few individuals who manage it .
In addition , we need to pay more attention to the way we set our priorities .
When we set wrong priorities , we head in the wrong direction despite having the best technology available .
After all , technology only assists us in achieving our material goals but when it comes to psychology , it has no part to play .
The term sophistication has made quite an impact in the lives of people all over the globe .
Technical advancement and uplift in standards of living has resulted ultimately in the rapid consumption of natural resources .
So viewing the present situation in this ominous light , the ultimate solution we get to think of is to find new means to sustain the exploding population .
Electric power is as important to the people now as  food clothing and shelter are .
How do we meet the power needs of the growing world with this limited power sources we have ?
The solution is offered by the Generaton IV nuclear power plants .
The Generation IV concepts offer a promising solution to the power issue through their very high efficiency in conversion of thermal energy to electricity  compared to their Generation 3 counterparts .
They also offer security in the event of an onsite emergency which assures us of the non repeat of another Chernobyl incident and wins our support .
There are several Generation IV nuclear power plant concepts which can be incorporated .
What we must remember is that we do not have the luxury of time to sit and research each and every concept as time is critical .
Our resources are fast disappearing and  we have to take some radical steps now .
The safety features of SCWR are passive; they  do not need human instructions in case of an onsite emergency .
The main concept of the safety features is that when there is an emergency , depressurization of the plant takes place , i . e the pressure inside the plant decreases .
However , if there is a large break in the feed water lines , the heating of fuel will be rapid and this will result in an emergency .
Though the passive safety features will take over  ,the plant will be non operational .
The GFR has a similar passive safety feature .
It has a few elements added in it which shut down the system during an onsite emergency( Wilfred , University of Delft 2004) .Besides this , the plant is made up of materials which can withstand very high temperatures .
So there will not be any calamities possible .
And it also does not lead to problems of plutonium fuel as it serves as an incinerator which burns away the wastes .
( Wilfred , University of Delft 2004) .
Thus , on the whole , if we compare the two models on the basis of these three very important criteria , we find that very clearly the GFR  has an edge over that of the SCWR and hence it should be pursued for research and not SCWR .
BIBLIOGRAPHY
1 .Buongiomo ,Jacopo (2002) , The Supercritical-water-cooled reactor ,Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory Progress Report on SCWR (2002) ,November 12 2002 .
{http://gif .inel .gov/roadmap/pdfs/supercritical-water-cooled_reactor .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://gif .inel .gov/roadmap/pdfs/supercritical-water-cooled_reactor .pdf]
2 .Weaver , Kevan && Khalil .
S . Hussein (2002) , Gas Cooled Fast Reactor  ,American nuclear society winter meeting , Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory Progress Report on GFR , November 18 2002 .
{http://gif .inel .gov/roadmap/pdfs/gas_cooled_fast_reactor .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://gif .inel .gov/roadmap/pdfs/gas_cooled_fast_reactor .pdf]
3 .Super critical water cooled reactor , Appendix 2 , Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory Annual Budget for fiscal year 2003 .
{http://nuclear .inl .gov/deliverables/docs/appendix_2 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://nuclear .inl .gov/deliverables/docs/appendix_2 .pdf]
4 .Dong ,Ning && Weida Yao(2007) , 3rd Int .
Symposium on SCWR-Design and Technology  ,Shanghai Nuclear Engineering Research and Design Institute(SNERDI) ,March 2007 {http://nsse .sjtu .edu .cn/scwr2007/download/pps/Presentation%20Renewal/Several%20Aspects%20on%20Materials%20problems%20for%20SCWR .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://nsse .sjtu .edu .cn/scwr2007/download/pps/Presentation%20Renewal/Several%20Aspects%20on%20Materials%20problems%20for%20SCWR .pdf]
5 .Delft University of Technology (2006 , December 12) .
Sustainable Nuclear Energy Moves A Step Closer .
ScienceDaily .
Retrieved October 22 , {www .sciencedaily .com}[HYPERLINK: http://www .sciencedaily .com]
The nuclear power models are chosen and approved by the IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency) based on the aspects of their cost , security and performance .
Two popular models under debate are Gas Cooled Fast Reactor(GFR) and Super critical water reactor(SCWR) .
I prefer the GFR over SCWR for many reasons which we will discuss in this essay .
Performance
On the basis of performance the SCWR has a net thermal efficiency of 45% (Jacapo Buongiomo 2002) .
It is a simplified model of the light water reactor which is very efficient in providing electricity  .
It has both open and closed fuel cycle models which can be incorporated .
In addition to this , it can also be suited to provide hydrogen upon further modifications .
The GFR plant has a net thermal efficiency of 48% (Hussein Khalil , Kevan Weaver 2002) .
It uses helium as coolant which increases inertness .
.
And it uses closed fuel cycle , thus the used fuel can be reused  .
It can also be effectively used for manufacturing hydrogen as well as for actinide management .
Thus clearly GFR outshines SCWR in performance .
2 .COST
The cost of construction of SCWR plant is half a billion  .
(INEEL FY 03 ANNUAL BUDGET REPORT) Thus SCWR is regarded as a very cheap solution to the power crisis .
For this very low rate of construction and maintenance we get a good amount of electricity for a lot of people .
However , the point  I would like to make here is this .
Though the cost of installation of plant and maintenance might be less ,  the plant life is only 60 years .
In other words , every 60 years the plant has to once again be renewed .
This is a very expensive affair .
The core of the reactor has to be replaced every 34 years .
So when all factors are taken into consideration , it is an expensive reactor .
The cost of GFR plan is nearly a billion dollars (INEEL FY 03 ANNUAL BUDGET REPORT) .
However , though it might be higher than that of SCWR the plant life is longer .So we do not need to change the plant very often unlike the SCWR . .In addition to this it can produce hydrogen as well as manage actinides .
Thus the overall contribution to economy clearly justifies its cost .It is a healthy investment .
3 .SECURITY
In recent years , there have been unremitting arguments on whether developing countries should proceed with building generation IV reactors .
For a developing country where the economy is rather unstable , people are facing poverty and high unemployment; thus ,  it is vital for the country to solve these problems before handling other issues like developing power reactors .
For example in Afghanistan , according to statistics , the unemployment rate is estimated to be as high as 40% in 2008 (CIA , 2009) .
Even though it is known that developing generation IV reactors will benefit the country significantly , we cannot neglect the destructive effects that come simultaneously .
Therefore , developing countries need to solve unemployment and poverty in rural areas first , before they provide huge funding to build generation IV reactors .
Opponents maintain that  developing power reactors would enable the public to benefit from low-priced electricity that can build more factories which will eventually help to create jobs for the people as well as alleviate poverty .
However , this claim only takes into consideration the operation cost in the long run and does not take into account  the high set up cost estimated in 2009 to be around 10 billion dollars for just one reactor (Travis , Johanna , & Emily , 2009) .
The maintenance cost , money required for storage of waste was investigated to be about 13 .
3 billion today (Nevada study , 2007) and money to conduct continuous research and development (R&D) is estimated around 1 .275 billion dollars (Nuclear Age Peace Foundation , 2009) .
This large sum of money would ultimately be the main reason that might lead to the termination of the development since developing countries with an unstable economy will find it too costly to provide such a huge fund in the long run (Reportlinker , 2009) .
This will then lead us back to our issue where poverty and unemployment remain unsolved and the huge sum that goes to developing the power reactor has also gone to waste .
Thus , developing countries should strengthen its economy by solving the problem for unemployment and poverty first before  developing  power reactors .
Apart from the above points , it is mentioned by the opponents that by developing power reactors , many job opportunities will be created for the people since they need a labour force  to run the plant .
However , it is important to know that the labour force that is required by plants is a highly skilled workforce (Michael , 2005) .
Examples of such positions are nuclear technicians , radiologic technicians , researchers , monitoring technicians and reactor operators .
These roles demand knowledge of physics , mathematics , chemistry , public safety and security .
In developing countries , there will not be sufficient skilledlabour to support the development since most of the people are not equipped with such skills (Travis et al . , 2009) .
In due course , developing countries will need to hire foreign talent to take up those positions .
In the end , the locals will still suffer from poverty and remain unemployed while foreign talent will have numerous jobs to choose from .
In addition , power reactor plants are dealing with very-high-temperature reactors; some  of the reactors like Gas-cooled fast reactors and Supercritical-water-cooled reactors even need high pressure to operate .
Furthermore , to prevent radioactive waste from being stolen for the creation of nuclear weapon , scientists are going to modify radioactive elements in such a way that they will be too hot for human beings to handle even with the use of gloves (Nature , 2004)  .
Under such conditions where the high temperature is not a suitable work environment , the plants must involve highly automated machineries in order for the operations to be carried out .
In order words , the plant only creates a handful of employment opportunities for the people given that the plant is functioning automatically .
Hence , by developing power reactors in developing countries , only limited jobs will be created for the local people .
In summary , if developing countries with unstable economy were to develop generation IV reactors , they would face difficulties in funding the enormous sum of money for set up and operation in the long run (Hore et al .
, 2008; Reportlinker , 2009) .
The development of nuclear generator IV requires much R&D and high  technology; thus ,  local workforce might not have enough talented labour to support the operation .
Moderately skilled and lowly skilled workers will still be unable to secure a job .
Moreover , with high technology generation IV reactors , plants are mostly computerized and automated and they require only a small labour force .
Therefore , by developing reactors it will not improve the unemployment and poverty situation in the country , hence it would be wiser to develop the country first .
Developing the country can provide funding to assist locals in setting up businesses and factories or encourage Multinational Corporation to set up plants in their country .
By doing so , many jobs will be created for the people .
This would be the most effective and direct method to resolve the unemployment issue .
After that , the poverty state will also improve gradually since the country's economy is boost up through time .
With a stronger work force and economy , the country will then be ready to support the developing of power reactors .
Nuclear power involves the energy generated from the splitting of atoms , also known as nuclear fission .
The reason why the public reject the idea of nuclear power could be due to the Chernobyl power plant meltdown , one of the most tragic nuclear-related disasters in human history .
The ramification of the Chernobyl incident is so severe to the extent that it reminds everyone of death when nuclear power is mentioned .
We cannot prevent the public from having their biased and negative perspective on nuclear power but we cannot deny the fact that the Chernobyl disaster is a result of poor management and design of the power plant (Case details: Chernobyl accident (n .d)) .
Although the public oppose nuclear power due to its dangerous drawbacks on the world and its environment , it is crucial to support and fund further research and development for Very High Temperature Reactors (VHTR) .
The public feel that nuclear proliferation is imminent and fear the danger of excessive nuclear waste .
In other words , every nuclear plant is like a potential nuclear bomb and terrorist attacks are inevitable .
However , such claims would be deemed invalid in the context of a VHTR .
Among the proposed Generation IV nuclear plants , VHTR is one of the few which does not reprocess the resultant nuclear waste .
Reprocessing involves the separation of uranium and weapon-grade plutonium from radioactive waste which sums up the fear of plutonium war .
Therefore , VHTR is proliferation-proof as it does not reprocess nuclear waste .
Furthermore , VHTR produces less radioactive waste compared to other proposed reactors .
Shropshire and Herring (2004) claim that the heavy metal radioactive waste produced in VHTR is significantly low with every unit of energy generated and this is due to the plant's high thermal efficiency and high fuel burn up .
It implies that the total plutonium generated is less per unit of energy produced .
Waste treatment plans are also in place to tackle the lingering problem of long-live radioactive waste .
For instance , in the liquid state treatment , the by-products are constantly evaporated to reduce its radioactivity (2004) .
As for the remaining nuclear waste , it is stored in an underground repository  where multilayers of anti-radiation materials are installed to shield them from the external environment .
It may be true that nuclear power , akin to fossil fuel , is a non-renewable resource .
Naturally , the public would argue that it is not worth the funding and time to develop something which does not offer a long term solution .
Although from a general point of view , it is possible to recycle nuclear fuel  it is not ideal as reprocessing is costly and generates the dreaded plutonium .
Langwith(2009) states that uranium in Canada can only last for 40 years .
The projected time span definitely does not appeal to what the public see as long term , however , it is shallow to predict the outcome to be the same as fossil fuel power plants .
Furthermore , Canada's participation in the Generation IV International Forum (GIF) to perform further research on nuclear power , particularly VHTR (Priority Area: Next Generation Nuclear Energy Technologies (n .d)) , shows that they do not share the public's myopic view on the potential of nuclear power .
In addition , VHTR offers an alternate clean fuel , hydrogen .
At 1100 degree Celsius , hydrogen production efficiency is at 50 percent compared to electrical generation efficiency at 56 percent VHTR (2002) .
There is much radioactive material on earth to run nuclear power for a long time just like how we operate coal power plants .
The difference is that it extends the time needed to find more sources of electricity , probably nuclear fusion .
Opponents may claim that nuclear power plants are incapable of making significant changes to the climate and will even appear as an environmental risk .
Nonetheless , VHTR are almost emission free as nuclear power contributes the biggest portion of the world's electricity from non-greenhouse gas emitting sources (n .d) .
Consequently , the alternate fuel source generated is also emission free .
30 percent of the world primary fuel use is to generate electricity and 17 percent of electricity uses nuclear power (2002) .
In other words , VHTR reduces the general demand for fossil fuels .
Robinson (1987) also mentioned that the amount of electricity generated by one ton of uranium is similar to that produced by 16 ,000 tons of coal or 80 ,000 barrels of oil .
The amount of waste produced by fossil fuel plants is significantly higher than that of VHTR .
that the dominant VHTR has a better plant efficiency which indirectly implies that it requires 20 percent fewer tunnels to store its waste .
Hence , the resultant land pollution caused by VHTR will be milder in contrast with that of coal power
The public opinions on nuclear power are inconclusive .
The advantages of VHTR clearly outweigh the disadvantages of nuclear power .
They directly negate the fears of nuclear proliferation due to its once-through uranium fuel cycle .
Moreover , it offers non-electrical fuel source , hydrogen , which prolongs the time needed to develop another source .
As for the environment aspect , VHTR is ultimately emission free and it causes milder land pollution compared to coal power plants .
Therefore , in my opinion , it is justified to support further research and development funding for VHTR .
The development of nuclear power plant becomes more and more important as nuclear power is a more efficient and environmental friendly source of energy .
From 1951 , when the first nuclear power plant generated electricity , the technology of nuclear power has become more efficient and safety .
The Very-High-Temperature Reactor (VHTR) is one of the most recent prototypes of the generation IV reactors .
VHTR is a graphite-moderated , helium-cooled reactor with a once-through uranium fuel cycle .
It supplies heat with high core outlet temperatures (about 1000) which enables applications such as hydrogen production or process heat for the petrochemical industry or others .
(VR , 2007)Further research and development funding for VHTR should be supported by the governments or companies , because it is an efficient , secure and practicable technology , despite the worries raised by the oppositions .
Many people consider nuclear power industry is highly dangerous since the radioactive fuels can be very harmful environment and environment .
According to a survey conducted in Australia in 2009 on the public opinions of building nuclear power plants in Australia , there were 43 percsafe the public opposing the plan because of the safety and security issues with nuclear power plants .
(Munro & Strong , 2009) However , nuclear power reactors are much safer and securer than most of people can image even when the reactive temperature is very high .
Firstly , in VHTR , the fuel used is uranium dioxide in a TRISO configuration , where TRISO is the type of fuel that small amount of uranium dioxide is in the center and coated with four layers of three isotropic materials (Olander , 2009) .
The TRISO particles are either dispersed in a pebble for the pebble bed design or molded into opponentsal graphite blocks .
Such designs are able to slow down neutrons to control the nuclear chain reaction , thus the reactivity can be controlled in a reasonable range and explosions can be prevented .
Secondly , because helium is used as coolant of VHTR , unexpected reactions can be prevented .
One reason is that helium is an inert gas , which is hardly reacts with any material .
Additionally , exposing helium to radiation does not make it radioactive , unlike most other possible coolants , for example light water , therefore it is a safer choice of coolant .
Moreover , since the reactor can only operate under a high temperature , in case of destructions by terrorism or other outside forces , the system will cool down and automatically stop the reaction .
This function ensures VHTR is very safe under attacks .
Therefore , VHTR is a very safe and secure prototype of the generation IV reactor .
water; thereforereaction; thusOther than the safety issue , the efficiency as VHTR is also a concern for those who want to invest in the project .
A Molten salt reactor can burn 99% of initial fuel , while VHTR can burn 65% of its initial fuelopinionionless than that of a molten salt reactor .
However , VHTR is very efficient comparing with the conventional light-water reactor , which can only burn-up 5% of the initial amount (n .f .
2008) .
VHTR is not only able to produce electrical power but also produce hydrog via electroimagine of water at high temperature .
Besides generating energy , the energy generated from nuclear reaction can also be used in crude oil refining or metal production (Ogawa , & VonLensa , 2002 .) .
In this sense , VHTR is efficient in using of energy .
Comparing to a molten salt reactor , VHTR has a simpler design and this leads to another advantage which is its high feasibility .
because of the needsufficient; thusefficientbecauseIn conclusion , VHTR should be chosen to proceed on for further research and development .
This is because of its relative high efficiency , high safety and practicability .
There are many researches undergoing in U .S . , China and Japan to improve the Very-High-Temperature Reactors .
Optimistically , by about 2020 , the first commercial VHTR would be in operation .
Generation IV nuclear reactorshave drawn many controversies since they were introduced in the Generation IV International Forum in 2000 .
This raises public concern , due to the previous nuclear accidents which happened at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl , in 1979 and 1986 separately .
(Nuclear Disasters and Accidents) In theory , Generation IV reactors are a set of theoretical reactors which are still being under research to replace Generation III reactors , which are in use for power generation currently .
In comparison with current nuclear plant technology , Generation IV nuclear technology brings us more benefits , according to the researchers .
To point out a few of them , the claimed benefits include minimised nuclear waste and improved safety .
(Generation IV reactor , para .
1) With this , we can reduce nuclear waste as it accumulates when we generate nuclear electricity .
In addition to that , the experts from laboratory also claimed that Generation IV reactors are able to consume nuclear waste to generate more electricity .
However , they are just theories with no solid evidence to support them .
To focus the research on Generation IV technology , we have narrowed down to two reactors , which are lead-cooled fast reactor and sodium cooled fast reactor .
According to the data I have collected , I think sodium-cooled reactor would be a better choice than lead-cooled fast reactor .
Fromsafety perspective , lead-cooled reactor has low likelihood of damage .
(Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor , Advantages and Challenges section) This is due to the characteristic of lead as a good heat transfer medium with high specific heat and thermal expansion coefficient .
Moreover , lead makes the operation reliable as it possesses good fuel compatibility and fission product retention .
This is a vital safety feature together with the ability of lead to retain released fission products that enables us to avoid offsite emergency .
On the other hand , the sodium-cooled reactor  strengthens its safety with long thermal response time and large margin to coolant boiling .
(Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor , para .
1) Sodium-cooled reactor focuses its safety in its primary system and intermediate system which operate near atmospheric pressure .
Given the fact that the two reactors focus on different aspects of safety , where the latter focuses on system operation rather than coolant , it is difficult to gauge the effectiveness of their practice based on theories .
Thus , it is inconsistent to compare when we are talking about the safety issue .
However , lead has a tendency for material corrosion at high temperature .
(Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor , Advantages and Challenges section) Thus , sodium-cooled reactor is a better choice as it has less dependence on the coolant itself .
In terms of performance , lead-cooled reactor has high sustainability .
The mentioned reactor has high sustainability due to its coolant , lead which is a low moderating medium as well as a medium with low absorption cross section that enables a core with fast neutron spectrum even with a large coolant fraction .
(Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor , Advantages and Challenges section) To compare the performance of the two clearly , we will have a look at the burn-up performance .
For sodium fast reactor , it has a tight pin structure , which in turn offers better neutron economy than lead-cooled reactor .
(Tucek K . , & Carlsson J . , & Wider H . , Neutronic and Burn-up Performance section , para .
2) As a result , when both reactors operate to acquire criticality , the average plutonium fraction in the lead-cooled reactor core is slightly higher than sodium-cooled reactor .
This can clearly show the better performer .
After safety and performance issue , production cost of the reactor plays an equally important role in deciding which reactor to put in use .
From the researchers of lead-cooled reactor , we can clearly see the economic side of the reactor .
As  claimed , the life cycle cost of the lead-cooled reactor  is relatively cheaper than any other reactor .
This claim is based on the fact that lead is not reactive with water and air .
As an additional point , lead is inexpensive , in theory .
As a matter of fact , sodium ranked as the sixth most abundant material on earth .
(Microsoft Encarta Online Encyclopedia , 2009) .
If we take in the consideration of the supply and demand theories , lead will be more costly as the demand soars , just like what happened to  crude oil .
In contrast , sodium which is more abundant will experience less effect on its price when the demand soars .
Furthermore , sodium-cooled reactor benefits from the research which was done  earlier .
So there can be a big difference in research cost when compared to lead-cooled reactor .
Moreover , the earliest delivery of the sodium-cooled reactor  is 10 years earlier than the lead-cooled reactor .
(Butler , D .  ,2004) .
Thus , the sodium-cooled reactor is better from economic aspect .
From the evidence I have collected , I have come to the  conclusion that the sodium-cooled reactor  is a better choice than the lead-cooled reactor as it outperforms the latter in three aspects , which are safety , performance and cost .
Have you ever imagined that communication is possible with a virtual character from your television screen ?
Microsoft is now spearing the project Natal , which  involves a controller-free gaming interface , Microsoft Xbox (2009) .
The current game consoles require users to use controllers as their interface to the virtual world .
User's expressions and desires are somewhat restricted by the buttons on the controller .
Thus , the enjoyment factor is somehow limited by the controller .
If project Natal succeeds , gamers will be able to fully indulge in their will and emotions and send this information via the motion detector and video camera into the game console .
This is a concept that is still in research and has yet to be be seen in the market .
A similar product , Wii , is currently in the market .
Although it is less tech-savvy than Natal ,  the safety issues it faces might be quite similar in nature .
Let us evaluate some of the safety issues below .
Cracked television screens , broken vases , cuts and bruise are some of the symptoms experienced by an avid or amateur Wii gamer .
This game console uses an external wireless remote control that senses the motion of the user .
Thus , when the players are too engrossed and when their adrenalin runs , they might try to move their limbs and body more aggressively .
In this situation , they might be caught off guard when their controller flies out of their grip , which might cause a cracked television screen , or injure people who are in the vicinity .
One such example can be seen from Kar Hoe (2009) .
Thus , gamers risk a certain amount of injury when they are too focused on the game .
Pravda .R (2009) .
Boy taken to hospital after playing computer games for 40 hours , Retrieved October 17 , 2009 from {http://english .pravda .ru/society/stories/09-06-2009/107743-computer_games-0}[HYPERLINK: http://english .pravda .ru/society/stories/09-06-2009/107743-computer_games-0]
As playing a game with Natal will seem so real , we could expect more serious injuries occurring compared to injuries resulting from playing Wii .
Some gamers involved in a combat with a virtual opponent might accidentally throw his punches into the television screen , resulting in his fist being trapped within .
This injury is more serious than one arising from playing Wii .
The designers could make it safer by adding a barrier between the screen and the player .
The player could also be demanded by the system to wear safety boxing gloves , and limb guards .
However , some game activists might argue that it results in Natal losing its true entertainment value that it is first set to achieve .
Wearing such cumbersome equipment makes playing games using Natal a turn off .
In addition , it will add a substantial amount of cost to the already expensive-to-manufacture console , as the equipment might have to scan for motion further a distance away due to its exaggerated setup .
As reprted by Oli Welsh (2009) ,  it is "quite expensive to begin with ."
Hence , this idea of improving safety might not be feasible as it is going to be costly and its entertainment value will be affected .
Natal gamers might also suffer similar cases of "Nintendonitis" , muscle injuries owing to excessive playing hours  spent on Sony's Nintendo Wii(Thaindian News , 2009) .
Gamers might have to jump , kick , dance , or perform some repetitive movement during the course of the game .
Injuries as stated above might arise when their muscles gets overused .
Furthermore , the player might be prone to more injuries , such as falling and twisting his ankle , when he starts to feel lethargic .
To enhance safety , Natal could use its motion detection system to analyse whether the movement of the player is alright or he should take a rest , and then send out the respective warning to the player .
This could also help to help gamers who are glued to the game to realise that they have played too much .
It has happened before that gamers die after several hours of continuous gaming .
There are reports showing teenagers' death from  stroke after hours of continuous gaming .
One such example is elaborated in a report by Pravda .R (2009) , where a teenager in the Russian city of Ekaterinburg died after 12 hours of playing computer games .
Thus by using such gizmo , such occurrence of death could be reduced .
We can conclude that Natal is actually a double-edged sword .
It may allow us to have reality in the virtual paradise , increasing our degree of satisfaction when we can fully indulge in the playing of our favourite games , but when we get too carried away , it might cause injuries or death .
Safety can be slightly improved through software tweaking , advising the user to take a rest or stop the activity when he seems unfit by the analysis of the console .
However , large scale setup of barriers and tuxedos lookalike safety suit might not be feasible as they increase the cost significantly and limit its actual functionality .
Therefore the bottom line is safety only can be slightly enhanced by an improved design and itt depends more on the self discipline of the gamers .
Perhaps safety can be enhanced by making it mandatory for gamers to attend a safety course .
Reference
Kar Hoe (2009) .
{Nintendo Wii accident - yet another one}[HYPERLINK: http://karhoe .net/nintendo-wii-accident-yet-another-one .html] , Retrieved October 15 , 2009 from {http://karhoe .net/nintendo-wii-accident-yet-another-one .html}[HYPERLINK: http://karhoe .net/nintendo-wii-accident-yet-another-one .html]
Microsoft Xbox (2009) .
Project Natal , Introducing Controller-Free Gaming & Entertainment , Retrieved October 15 , 2009 from {http://www .xbox .com/en-US/live/projectnatal/}[HYPERLINK: http://www .xbox .com/en-US/live/projectnatal/]
Oli Welsh (2009) .
Microsoft speaks on Natal Pricing , Retrieved October 15 , 2009 from {http://www .eurogamer .net/articles/microsoft-speaks-on-natal-pricing}[HYPERLINK: http://www .eurogamer .net/articles/microsoft-speaks-on-natal-pricing]
Thaindian News (2009) .
Wii Gamers suffering from "Nintendonitis" cased muscle injuries (re-issue) , Retrieved October 15 , 2009 from {http://www .thaindian .com/newsportal/health/wii-gamers-suffering-from-nintendonitis-caused-muscle-injuries-re-issue_100140907 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .thaindian .com/newsportal/health/wii-gamers-suffering-from-nintendonitis-caused-muscle-injuries-re-issue_100140907 .html]
Nuclear power is not a new technology to the human race .
It has been around since the 1960s , but it is not the main choice for producing energy because society has rejected it for its low security and high cost .
Although public opposition still exists , with the new generation IV reactors , public support for further research and development of higher security and lower cost plants is increasing .
Some upcoming plants are the lead-cooled fast reactor for example , which produces both electricity and hydrogen as its products .
Opponents of nuclear power claim that the meltdown of the plant is one major reason why it should not exist .
Their concern would be the safety of the public in case of a nuclear meltdown .
This is an issue especially for small countries like Singapore , which stretches about 40 km from east to west , as international safety standards require a 30km buffer zone around the plant (Lee , 2004) .
However , this does not present a very good argument as looking at statistics over the years , the number of people affected by past major nuclear disasters , only number about an estimated 600 ,000 people (Louvat , 2006) .
Compared to an estimate of 1 .2 million deaths yearly due to traffic accidents (World Health Organization , 2007) , the nuclear casualties are relatively minor .
Besides this , with technological advancement , nuclear plants now enforce multiple fail-safe systems coupled with simplistic designs so fewer things could go wrong (Butler , 2004) .
Hence , with a more efficient safety system , there is no need to be afraid of disasters from happening .
Oppositions also claim that there is an ever present threat of terrorism .
For example , terrorists could steal nuclear material out of nuclear plants as easily as in the case when a thief broke into a shipyard in Russia and stole a container of nuclear submarine fuel (Digges , 2002) .
With this nuclear material , terrorists can create what are known as "Dirty" bombs , and threaten the public .
However , this argument disregards the fact that terrorism will be around regardless of whether nuclear plants are built or not .
Even without nuclear materials , terrorists have enough technology and materials to create their own "Dirty" bombs .
Also , this emphasizes the need for a better security system and therefore supports the fact that more funds should be used for this development .
With multiple security features to prevent thefts ,  there is no need to be afraid of radioactive materials being stolen .
Terrorists can only take advantage of our complacency , as in the case of the September 11 attacks .
With a well implemented security system , terrorists have no chance of infiltrating the plant .
The final argument that opponents claim is that the cost to society is very huge .
Building one nuclear plant would cost around US $ 2 .6 billion (Capps , 2005) .
This high cost would be a heavy burden on society and might affect the budgeting for other sectors like the health care system as well .
However , this is a short term view of the situation .
Uranium has more than 10 ,000 times the energy potential than fossil fuels and thus it is cheaper to use uranium for the production of energy (Magnumuranium , n .d .) .
In the long run , the high start up cost is covered by the savings made from the reduced cost of energy .
Many countries that depend on oil are also placing hopes on hydrogen as the new generation fuel for cars and perhaps home use (Butler , 2004) .
With hydrogen produced as the secondary product for the lead-cooled fast reactor , one can only expect energy prices to drop further as there is now an abundance of energy sources .
Hence , we would save more than what we would have initially spent on the building of the nuclear plant over time .
Looking at all the arguments that opponents have made against nuclear power , it can be seen that most are trivial and short termed .
With better technology , one can only expect the research and development to increase in cost .
In the long term view , society will benefit from the research and development of nuclear power .
The advancement in technology will allow nuclear energy to be harnessed with increased safety and efficiently .
Also , more jobs would be created which in turn would aid the country's economy .
Terrorism , safety or high costs are the factors we should base our research on and not be the reasons why we should not further develop nuclear power .
So in my opinion , funds should be injected into further research and development of nuclear power , to create a new generation of cleaner , safer and cheaper power to solve the looming energy crisis .
The world today depends heavily on fossil fuel to generate energy .
However , the burning of fossil fuels produces greenhouse gases which contribute to the effect of global warming .
In addition , experts have estimated that the remaining fuel reserve can only last a maximum of another 120 years (McLamb , 2008) .
With energy demand worldwide projected to increase by 44% in 2030 (International , 2009) and the worsening effect of global warming , researchers have proposed the concept of nuclear power .
Despite the benefits promised by Generation IV nuclear reactors , it still requires much effort to convince the public to accept this technology .
This is partly due to the negative memories from the 1986 reactor core explosion at Chernobyl in Ukraine , which resulted in the instant death of 31 people and radioactive debris spewed across Europe (Bulter , 2004) .
Yet , further research and development funding for the Generation IV nuclear prototypes , in particular the very-high-temperature reactor (VHTR) which is safer and can output greater electricity , should be supported .
Opponents of nuclear energy argued that nuclear power plants increase the health risk of workers and residents living in the vicinity of the reactor .
The long-term effects , they claimed , include potential for increased risk in cancer .
However , a survey conducted by the National Cancer Institute in the United States revealed no strong relationship between nuclear power and the risk of cancer (Excess , 1996) .
While there have been occurrences of leaks and safety incidents , including several in Japan , none of them resulted in severe death tolls (Critical , 2009) .
Similar to the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island accident , most nuclear accidents are consequences of human errors .
In modern nuclear reactors , passive safety systems which seek to eliminate the possibility of human errors have been installed .
This is a feature that will activate the safety measures by laws of physics in the event of an emergency , even without the aid of electronics and operators (Life , 2008) .
With VHTR , it should be even safer as helium gas , which will not react with other substances even at high temperature , is used as the coolant .
Hence , safety should not be an issue with modern nuclear technology .
Furthermore , economic viability and stability of nuclear power generation is challenged by the adversary .
They maintained that compared to coal or oil generators , building and operating nuclear facilities are more expensive and worried that the cost might be passed down to consumers eventually .
The construction and operation cost might be high , but this is so in order not to compromise the quality and safety of the plants .
With countries planning to impose carbon taxes on carbon dioxide emissions , producing electricity from coal or oil combustion might not remain cheap forever .
The depletion of oil supply and increasing difficulty in finding new oil reserves will also further increase the cost of electricity generated from coal or oil .
In contrast , nuclear energy might prove to be more reliable as uranium , the raw material for nuclear fuel , can be supplied by politically stable countries like Australia (Critical , 2009) and can last for more than 2500 years when used with more efficient reactors (Nuclear , n .d .) .
Indeed , experts have concluded that the nuclear energy will be competitive enough when the price of oil rises above USS60 per barrel (Limits , 2008) .
Finally , an argument advanced by anti-nuclear advocates is that although nuclear reaction does not produce greenhouse gases , harmful radioactive waste that must be stored for as long as a thousand years are generated instead .
Despite that , proponents argue that with proper storage and appropriate protection measures , the nuclear waste should not pose any health risk to the public .
In addition , most nuclear wastes are only hazardous for a few tens of years .
High-level waste , the most dangerous of all nuclear waste , is secured tightly in glass or ceramic before being isolated in storage facilities .
The structure of the glass and ceramic is so rigid that the dispersion of radioactive waste by terrorist will be difficult (Radioactive , 2009) .
The fact that there is no solution  for disposal of nuclear waste also suggests that there is a need to continue funding further research in nuclear technologies .
In conclusion , it is undeniable that nuclear power is costly .
However , it might be economically viable with the cost of fossil fuel expected to increase .
The safety concerns of nuclear plants are also addressed in the design of new nuclear reactors .
The radioactive wastes produced might not necessarily incur health hazard if they are properly stored .
Therefore , nuclear power is a trustworthy technology whose further research and development funding should be supported .
As technology continues to advance at an ever increasing rate , energy is also being consumed at a rapid pace .
Oil is still the main source of energy that drives the economy despite its ill effects on the environment .
Furthermore , it is projected to be depleted in fifty years' time .
Therefore , the global issue of today has to do with clean and sustainable energy .
The six Generation IV nuclear reactors that are currently being researched under the supervision of the Generation IV International Forum (GIF) are the answers to this very problem .
As of now , the Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor (LFR) and the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor (SFR) appear very promising and will likely be the main choice of nuclear power plant in the near future .
However , further comparison of both the reactors based on cost , performance and safety actually revealed (LFR) as the better option .
Advocates for the (SFR) often claim that the cost of running the (SFR) is low due to the fact that it uses hybrid loop-pool design that allows for use of a smaller Intermediate Heat Exchanger .
This will reduce the cost of building it (Zhao , 2009) .
1 However , the savings only amount to  about 10-15% of the final cost  of construction .
Instead , (LFR) can ultimately have the lowest cost among all  kinds of reactor because intermediate coolant loop is redundant for it .
Besides that , low refueling cycles of up to 15 years can bring down the total cost of constructing and running the (LFR) (Tucek , 2005) .2 Builders of the nuclear power plant should not just focus on the one-time cost of construction; rather , they should be looking at the long term running cost of the plant .
Therefore , Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor is clearly the better candidate here .
5 Hejzlar , P . et al (2009) Cross-comparison of fast reactor concepts with various coolants .
Nuclear Engineering and Design .
Regarding performance aspect of the reactors , studies often argued that SFR with multiple reheat and inter-cooling can allow the operating temperature to reach  650 degree Celsius while having thermal efficiencies of between 39% and 47% (Peterson , 2008) .3 However , as a result of the higher operating temperature  of (LFR) , it is definitely able to convert electricity more efficiently as compared to the former (Butler , 2004) .4
Furthermore , (LFR) produces hydrogen as part of its processes which (SFR) does not .
If fact hydrogen is also an alternate form of clean and efficient energy .
Ultimately , if we are talking about performance based on the total power output of the plant , (LFR) definitely has an edge over (SFR) , which operates at lower temperature and does not produce hydrogen as part of its process .
Safety plays an important role in deciding whether a reactor will be chosen over of its rival .
(SFR) in this sense has vast amount of operation experience under its belt .
In fact , Sodium as a coolant in a nuclear reactor has actually been around for quite some time .
This is the reason why many believe that (SFR) should be considerably safe and measures must have been in place to prevent any accident .
However , in terms of chemical property , sodium itself is  very reactive and any leakage during an accident will put the plant operators at risk .
Lead on the other hand has a lower burn-up (Tucek , 2005) .
In the event of an accident , the damage to the whole plant will be considerably lesser .
Furthermore , lead's superior neutronic properties and its small coolant temperature reactivity coefficient means that it could be easily controlled when there is an accident (Hejzlar , 2009) .5 For example , in the event of an accident , the natural circulation in (LFR) is enough to take away the nominal power of the system .
However in the case for (SFR) , the lack of natural circulation means that the reactivity of the coolant will increase , leading to a possible meltdown of the reactor (Tucek , 2005) .
In conclusion , based on the three most important considerations of a Generation IV reactor , it is clear that Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor is far  superior to the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor .
Despite the fact that (SFR) is slated to be delivered earliest by the year 2015 , more research needs to be done to proof that (SFR) is indeed better than (LFR) .
However , it would be more logical to channel more resources to the research of (LFR) so that it could be delivered earlier .
In addition , the production of hydrogen as a by-product is indeed very attractive for tomorrow's energy market .
The original lead-bismuth proposed for use in the (LFR) will also be replaced by lead , further decreasing the cost of the coolant by 10 times (Tucek , 2005) .
Therefore , Lead-Cooled Fast reactor is the obvious choice .
Zhao , H . & Zhang , H . & Mousseau , V . A .
& Peterson , P . F . (2009) Improving SFR economics through innovations from thermal design and analysis aspects .
Nuclear Engineering and Design .
Volume 239 , Issue 6 .
Pages 1042-1055
Tucek , K . & Carlsson , J .
& Wider , H . (2005) Comparison of Sodium and Lead-Cooled Fast Reactors regarding severe safety and economical issues .
Retrieved October 17 , 2009 from World Wide Web .
{http://www .ecolo .org/documents/documents_in_english/SFRvsLFR-05 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .ecolo .org/documents/documents_in_english/SFRvsLFR-05 .pdf]
Peterson , P . F . & Zhao , H . (2008) Multiple reheat helium Brayton cycles for sodium cooled fast reactors .
Nuclear Engineering and Design .
Volume 238 , Issue 7 .
Pages 1535-1546
4 Butler , D . (2004) Nuclear power's new dawn .
Nature .
Volume 429 .
Global warming and energy shortage are two of the most discussed topics nowadays .
We are earnestly looking for solutions to these problems , and nuclear energy , has been proposed as a solution to solve these two problems at once .
The production of nuclear energy does not have carbon dioxide as a by-product; thus  it can reduce the effect of global warming , which is the reason for many other problems , like rising of sea levels .
Nuclear energy can also satisfy the increasing demand of energy , thus solving the problem of energy shortage .
However , choosing nuclear energy as an alternative here has many drawbacks in the areas of cleanliness , safety and cost , this can also be reflected in the very-high-temperature reactors (VHTR) .
Hence , I do not support the building of new nuclear plants and use of nuclear energy .
Some people argue that nuclear energy should be used as it is a cleaner source of energy compared to coal and fossil fuels .
It is true to some extent as no carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases are produced during the production of energy through nuclear power .
Nevertheless , we should not neglect the unique wastes which can be produced by nuclear power plants alone during its energy production process .
This refers to nuclear wastes .
The unique thing about nuclear wastes is that it is radioactive , like naturally occurring radioactive material (NORM) , which is not only radioactive itself , but will also produce highly dangerous radioactive radon gas .
(What is nuclear waste , n .d .) It is very hard to recycle or dispose of those wastes due to their unique nature , like the wastes produced by VHTR .
The radioactive wastes will affect the health of man-kind , animals and plants when they are exposed to it .
The consequences are hazardous .
Even if it is buried underground , it will take hundreds of years for its effect to go off due to its long half-life .
The land used by nuclear power plants cannot be used for other purposes after the plants are decommissioned , as excessive radioactivity is present in the area .
There have been suggestions to solve this problem by using helium , which is not radioactive , and abundant helium can be found on the moon .
However , there are a few things we should address: the practicality  of mining on the moon and the cost of mining on the moon .
There is no doubt that it is extremely expensive to fly to the moon and do the mining there .
At the same time , the technology to dig on the moon , and even use helium as a fuel is still not available yet .
Thus , nuclear energy is not a good alternative .
There are also some other people who argue that nuclear energy is safer .
However , looking at the incident of partial reactor meltdown in 1979 , which took place at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , and the notorious nuclear accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine in 1986(Butler ,2004) , people may rethink  the statements they have made .
The result of Chernobyl accident is disastrous as the radioactive debris spread across Europe and affected many people in different countries .
Some infected people later developed all kinds of diseases , and some new born children are deformed as well .
Generally , they die at a very young age .
Nuclear power plants also pose safety problems as they are always targeted by terrorists .
( Carl B . and Mark H .  ,2005) .
Some people argue that the deaths per year in nuclear plants are much fewer than that in coal mines .
Nevertheless , once a main accident in nuclear plants occurs , the impact will be enormous , long term and wide spread  , while the impact of a coal mine accident is immediate , which takes place in limited areas only .
Hence , nuclear energy should not be accepted .
One more argument for nuclear energy is that it is cheap .
However , the nuclear power plants are all operating at low temperatures now , rendering them inefficient , due to limitations of technologies .
The cost advantage of nuclear energy is not so obvious here .
However , if we take into account  the set up cost of the nuclear plants , which are more high-tech than coal plants , they are definitely much more expensive .
The equally expensive maintenance cost covered will in the end together contribute to the average cost of producing nuclear energy , which is now much higher than that of coal and other sources .
Optimists say that the cost will be greatly reduced when generation IV reactors are developed as they will work with much higher efficiency .
Nevertheless , the technology required is not readily attainable and it will take a long time to be realised .
Thus , nuclear energy should not be accepted .
In conclusion , nuclear energy may have some seeming advantages; however , the problems associated with it are not negligible , specifically the high cost , radioactive wastes and the safety concerns .
Therefore , nuclear energy may not be a desirable  alternative .
We should put more of our focus on better energy sources like solar power .
Many accidents happened over the past decades , some related to design flaws while others to human errors .
Reasons for human errors range from emotional wellbeing , to the inability in handling the pre-accident situation (Charles , 1999) .
These accidents may have been prevented should psychology be encompassed into the design process .
The Chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986 illustrates this notion .
On the 25th of April 1986 , reactor 4 was scheduled for a shut down , and an experiment was planned to test a safety feature during this process .
delayed the test past midnight resulting in it being conducted by a less proficient night team .
Before the test , an unexpected drop in power resulted in operators retracting control rods in an attempt to restore power .
The reactor however , appeared stable after the retraction although it displayed abnormal readings .
The operators ignored this abnormality and proceeded with the test .
Subsequently two explosions occurred resulting in massive losses (CHERNOBYL ACCIDENT , 2009) .
Supporters related the accident to a lack of understanding in human psychology during the design phase (Reason , 1988) .
The test was approved only by the director of the plant , without the coordination of the reactor's chief designer or scientific manager (Nuclear Energy , 2009) .
Opponents claimed that approval was appropriate as the reactor was muffled at the start of the experiment and should not have devastating effects on its safety (Reason , 1988) .
Proponents however , argued that the plant director had insufficient specialised knowledge .
The use of psychology would enable designers to acknowledge that operators may encounter faults beyond their abilities and thus gear the design towards user friendliness .
Moreover , a psychologist should be able to relate a high competency requirement to the test and thus limit its handling to upper management .
In this manner , there is a high chance that the accident would not have occurred since the most qualified personnel would have been managing the test .
In addition , these reactors require highly skilled professionals (Reason , 1988) .
Opponents were firm that should the test be conducted by the more proficient day team , the accident was unlikely to occur (CHERNOBYL ACCIDENT , 2009) .
On the contrary , proponents refute this , stating that psychology encompasses the understanding of human reaction during panic stages (Wilpert , 2007) .
The design of the reactor could thus include simple idiot-proof automated safety mechanisms without relying on operators' competency .
This way , the operators would not have retracted the control rods during the pre test stage since the system would have been automated .
Therefore , the accident may not have occurred .
Opponents countered the use of psychology as they felt it stifles creativity in the design process (Wilpert , 2007) .
They believed that feedback may end up counterproductive and deter engineers from verbalizing their creations in fear of evaluation .
Moreover , they stood firm that the psychologist' lack of relevant knowledge may divert the focus of engineers and lead them away from designing a relevant product .
Proponents agreed to the possibility of limiting creativity should psychology be used in the entire design process .
As such , they suggest the intermittent intervention of psychology or simply the introduction of psychology only after the main design outline is formed (Wilpert , 2007) .
This way , the main focus of the product would not be altered and the critical design phases could be assessed through the use of simulation or operators .
This would possibly uproot errors during the entire design sequence thereby preventing the Chernobyl accident .
However , as highlighted by opponents , usage of psychology would inevitably lead to increase in research and consequently production cost (Charles , 1999) .
In addition , resources for research would now have to be redistributed , thereby diverting focus from the core engineering design .
Proponents argue that the added cost is justifiable should the use of psychology prevent the accident .
The economic cost incurred in the entire aftermath cleanup process amounted to an astounding USD 43 billion not inclusive of intangible cost related to social and psychological effects (Chernobyl .info) .
Therefore supporters stay firm on the notion of prevention being better than cure , and hence propose the use of psychology in the design process .
In conclusion , it is undeniable that the use of psychology would lead to the increase in production cost or the reshuffling of resources allocated to core engineering design .
However , it would translate to designs encompassing user friendly backup systems non reliant on the competency of operators .
It would also match the test complexity to the appropriate management level .
As a result , the use of psychology in the design process may have prevented the Chernobyl accident thereby justifying its cost .
A Germany's Inter-City Express (ICE) train derailed and slammed into an overpass , killed 101 people and injured 200 people in June of 1998 , (Castellano , 2007) .
The causes of the accident were traced back to a damaged wheel that disintegrated just before the train passed over a switch track .
Upon further investigation , people discovered the evidence of poor wheel design , poor bridge construction , insufficient failure detection system , ineffective emergency procedures and insufficient design verification testing .
As a result , safety improvements and major engineering changes were implemented in order to prevent such disaster from happening again , which include the studies of psychology in design process .
Hence , the use of psychology in design process could have prevented the accident .
First of all , the use of psychology in the design process could have prevented the accident by revealing the need of adding several failure detection systems on the train .
According to the research that has been done by the German national railway company , Deutsche Bahn (1998) , the ICE train did not have a system installed to detect wheel failure and bring the train to an emergency stop .
According to Wilpert (2007) ,  inherent safety which links the design process to safety concerns must be taken into account .
However , in this situation , the engineers did not identify the inherently safer options (as cited in Wilpert , 2007) which led to a lack of failure detection systems that were installed in the train .
One example that highlighted this situation is the bullet trains from Japan .
The Japanese bullet trains are equipped with a detection system that can alert the train operator about wheel deformation and failure during the operation so that the operator may manually activate the emergency brake .
If the train had been installed with this system , the accident might not have happened .
Secondly , the use of psychology in the design process could have prevented the accident through activating the emergency brake despite the company's policy that did not allow the train manager to do so .
During the journey on the train , a large piece of metal came up through the floor and was witnessed by a passenger .
The passenger tried to warn the crew but was refused by the train manager due to the reason that he needed to investigate the problem  himself first .
As a result , valuable time was lost and the accident happened .
In this situation , the problem of psychopathology of design was revealed .
According to Wilpert (2007) ,  the designer 's and the user's conceptual model of a system or a device must be matched in order to reduce the problems that might occur during the time of using it , in this case , the train .
If the company policy was made with reference to a common sense that was agreed by everyone , such as , the train services in Singapore and the United Kingdom that made the control of emergency brakes available to the travelling passengers , the chain of failure would have been broken .
It is unlikely that the subsequent events could have occurred had the train been stopped immediately .
The third and most important thing to use psychology in the design process in this accident is that , it could have revealed the poor design of the wheel that caused the accident .
The ICE trains were equipped with single-cast wheels; after the accident , the engineers realized that the design of the wheels could make the metal to fatigue and cause out-of-round conditions that vibrate at cruising speeds .
According to Norman (as cited in Wilpert , 2007) , the appropriate system image must be ensured by the designer and this is one of the problems of psychopathology of design .
According to the research by Deutsche Bahn (1988) , the design of the wheels that were used did not reveal the actual durability and reliability of the wheels .
Hacker (as cited in Wilpert , 2007) points out that the quality of co-operative performance depends on the nature of the task at hand .
He says that a design task cannot be solved individually since each person has his own limitation in knowledge .
In this situation , if there were more designers involved in the design of the wheels , the poor design of the wheels could have been spotted and the accident would not have happened .
To sum up , with the use of psychology in the design process , the problems such as lack of failure detection systems that were installed in the train , company's policy that did not allow the train manager to stop the train , and the poor design of the train wheels would not have occurred .
To conclude , the train accident that happened  in Germany could have been prevented with the use of psychology in the design process .
A major accident does not usually happen with merely one error and the accumulation of all the errors will be catastrophic .
For instance the Nicoll Highway incident which occurred on Tuesday 20 April 2004 is the result of this which in turn caused four deaths .
The collapse was due to the retaining wall not being able  to handle the stress of supporting the tunnel and it gave way (Andrew , 2005) .
Hence , the opposing party argues that this failure is largely due to the technical aspect rather than the human errors .
Nevertheless , there are substantial points to suggest that psychology  can prevent the accident from happening if it has been implemented in the design stage .
As stated , the opponents claim that the collapse was due to the design of the structure .
The design of the structure itself was not well-built and the use of the weaker materials further exacerbated the failure (IES , 2005) .
Moreover , the opponents insist that the design was in fact approved by the Land Transportation Authority (LTA) .
Though the design was approved , the blueprint was in fact designed by engineers .
According to Wilpert .B (2007) , engineers do make design mistakes and this is known as an erroneous individual action .
The Nicolle Highway incident clearly illustrates this action when the contractor's engineers of Nishimatsu-Lum Chang (NLC) use the inappropriate soil simulation model for the design calculations (Andrew , 2005) .
As a result , the structure failed the safety criteria .
In addition , the use of the weak materials is due to the wrong mindset of the NLC wanting to earn more profits by cutting input materials cost , which is seriously a wrong attitude and perception .
Besides , the problem of psychopathology of design also arises when the NLC's engineers overestimated the basic technical ability of the LTA's personnel (Wilpert .B , 2007) .
Therefore , the lack in engineering knowledge of the LTA's personnel resulted in the approval of the blueprint which in turn resulted in the collapse .
Nonetheless , the supporters still argue another fact about the structure being used merely for a short period of time .
Thus there is no strict law imposed by the government about how a temporary structure should be built .
Furthermore , the supporters insist that the higher management within LTA and NLC had stringent control of the design phase despite the fact that the structure was used temporarily .
.
The wrong attitude about temporary structure causes them to let down their guard and become ignorant of the risk that the weak structure might pose .
Besides that , the NLC's design engineers ignored its failed risk assessment and continued to proceed with the blueprint without revealing the actual data to LTA (IES , 2005) .
This behavior is considered dishonest and immoral .
This is because NLC would want to complete their job within schedule  to avoid paying penalties to LTA (IES , 2005) .
Thus the over-eagerness and the time pressure exerted on them often lead to short-cuts and worsened the failure further (Wilpert .B , 2007) .
Lastly , the opposing party argues that all workers involved in this project had a strong sense of safety culture since it is compulsory to attend the Construction Safety Orientation Course (CSOC) before commencement of any construction work (MOM .Compulsory , 2007) .
Therefore the opponents emphasize that the failure was not due to the inadequate knowledge about the safety aspect but the failure of the technical aspect .
Although they had attended the CSOC , there were dysfunctional relations within the organization (Wilpert .B , 2007) .
The incapable the project management team failed to address the warning signs present in the early stage and implement corrective measures .
Thus , the failure was further aggravated .
Hence , the negligence and breaching of the project management team statutory duties indeed caused the collapse (MOM .Committe , 2007) .
In conclusion , one would realize the collapse of the Nicoll Highway is mainly due to human errors rather than the technical aspects .
Nevertheless , one would also recognize that failure of the technical aspect is due to the presence of human errors .
which is important in all human endeavors .
Thus , having certain knowledge about it will definitely aid in the understanding of human behavior and the reasons  why human makes mistakes .
As a result , it is vital to implement psychology in the design stage so to prevent the occurrence of any catastrophic accident .
Every nation is caught up with energy shortage problem .
If man continues exhausting natural resources at the present rate , the day is not far off when human beings may run out of coal or oil .
Nuclear power stands out as one of most prospective alternate source .
In the case of nuclear power , the allure is clear: abundant power , no carbon dioxide emissions , no blots on the landscape except an occasional containment dome and cooling tower , according to Michael P .(2005) .
However , problems come with nuclear power such as accidents of leakage , waste reprocessing and storage , high construction costs , and even the possible use of nuclear fuel for weapons .
With considerable research background , Sodium-cooled Fast Reactors , or SFR , are able to ease public worry over these safety issues as mentioned before .
offersSFR alsoMIT (2003)solvesreportedthanaccording toIt should objection raisedt none of the opposing statement is valid for SFR .
SFR operates at low temperature and low pressure and has multiple systems to back up safety .
The radioactive waste can also be sustainably used in the fuel cycle with reduction of environmental burden .
High construction is offset not only by multiple construction options , butsize (600 efficient utilization of one (50 esources .
More importantly , research is carrying on for SFR , the most promising generation IV reactor .
The Chernobyl disaster  was a major engineering accident that occurred in the year 1986 .
The causes of the accident were classified to be design flaws of the nuclear reactor system as well as violation of safety regulations by the operators before the accident .
Some people believe that the use of psychology during the design process might have corrected all the flaws of the system , thus preventing the tragedy while others argue that this incident occurred due to severe breaches of safety regulations by the operators .
Therefore psychology plays no role in preventing this accident as the causes were due to human errors .
In my opinion , I trust that the use of psychology during the design process would have prevented the accident .
The use of psychology would rectify the design flaws and safety mechanism implemented to counter human errors .
Opponents  might argue that human errors occur on a random basis; therefore they could not be prevented .
It was this violation of safety rules by the operators prior to the accident that caused the explosion; thus  psychology during the design process would not contribute anything beneficial to the operations .
An experiment was conducted before the nuclear reactor was due for maintenance .
Before the test , the emergency core cooling system was shut down .
The first human error committed was to continue with the test .
The power of the reactor continued to drop below the lower limit for the experiment .
Control rods which act as absorbers were withdrawn from the core to increase the power of the reactor .
This was human error two .
All the circulating pumps were connected to the reactor that had its control rods withdrawn .
This caused an unstable thermo-hydraulic status .
The experiment started in these undesirable conditions .
Power began to rise and the absorbers were sent back to the core to control the reaction; however  they were unable to plunge fully into the lower stop due to mechanical fault .
The decision to cut off current that holds the absorbers to ensure the falling of rods caused the explosions .
It was through this series of human errors committed prior to the moment that caused this incident .
The impact of human errors could be minimized if appropriate safety mechanisms were installed on the system .
Psychologists could brainstorm for possible human errors that could be committed by the operators and recommend counter measures .
One possible counter measure against human errors could be to configure the system in such a way that whenever safety has been compromised , the system will be automatically shut down .
The use of psychology will bridge the gap between designers and operators as the system will not be overly complicated for the operators to work on .
All operation knowledge and training should be properly imparted by the engineers to the operators so as to guarantee system operation efficiency and safety .
All these measures taken will reduce the human errors to an insignificant level; thus those mistakes committed might not cause such a huge impact and Chernobyl accident might not have occurred .
A report published by IAEA Nuclear Safety Advisory Group stated that the actual causes were due to design errors .
The reactor constructed for the Chernobyl Nuclear Plant was the second generation nuclear reactor which was almost identical to the first generation .
Engineers failed to rectify the design errors found in the first generation; thus  all shortcomings were modeled into the second generation reactor .
The reasons that engineers failed to challenge the errors could be their large working group .
Studies have shown that considerable productivity loss is found when people of different background work together .
Factors affecting a group include evaluation apprehension , free riding and blocking .
The result of all the problems faced by the design engineers was a nuclear reactor which carries several design flaws .
The water channels run through the core vertically where a temperature gradient will be built up .
This causes the reaction within the core to increase greatly .
The control rods end tips were made of graphite which is a more potent neutron moderator and greatly increases the rate of fission reaction when the rods are initially inserted into the reactor .
This defeats the purpose of the control rods .
The use of psychology from the start of design process would rectify all the faults found .
Psychologists are able to give a more objective view on the integrity of the project .
Psychologists , being the middleman , will connect all the engineers together to design the new reactor .
Therefore all the features that compromise safety would be eliminated during the design process .
Therefore the use of psychology during design process would reduce design errors in the new reactor created .
Human errors are unavoidable .
Psychologists must be present to give their safety judgments to incorporate additional counter measures against possible human errors .
The use of psychology could also remove all the design flaws and add in a desirable mechanism to the system , thus creating a more efficient reactor for both the engineers and operators .
Therefore the use of psychology during the design process could have possibly prevented the Chernobyl incident .
Almost every day when we read the newspaper , articles about energy saving or increasing oil price will jump into our sight .
Actually , global warming and energy crisis have been  extremely popular topics these years and large proportion of the governments'  revenue has been spent on the research and development of new energy resources , such as solar energy and tidal power .
Among these new energy resources , nuclear power is highly favored by researchers due to its abundant base materials , low quantities of waste and comparatively cheap fuel costs .
CITATION Why06 \l 2052 (Why use Nuclear Power ? , 2006) Such a situation indicates that the new dawn of the nuclear power is at the corner although it means that the public have to struggle to restore their confidence ruined by the past appalling accidents of nuclear power plants .
Hitherto , scientists have successfully proposed the Generation IV nuclear reactor concepts , namely , gas-cooled fast reactors , lead-cooled fast reactors , molten salt reactors , sodium-cooled fast reactors , supercritical-water cooled reactors and very-high-temperature reactors .
CITATION Nuc04 \l 2052 (Butler , 2004) In my opinion , the very-high-temperature reactors (VHTR) are the best among the six .
In this essay , I will talk about the reasons from the perspectives of safety , work efficiency and cost .
Safety is always the thing that matters most .
After the Chernobyl disaster in Soviet Union , many people started to reject the proposal of wide usage of nuclear power .
But actually , no energy sources can be said to be free of risk .
Coal and oil have brought us problems like global warming and acidic rain; hydro projects have deteriorated the environment of  flooded and downstream areas and can lead to great economical loss and mortality once dams collapse; the mirrors and panels used for solar energy production can affect the environment too .
CITATION Com09 \l 2052 (Comparisons of various energy sources  , 2009) Hence , what we should concentrate on now is how to make the nuclear power production safer instead of arguing whether to reject it or not .
The good news is that the basic technology for VHTR has been well established and has been tested by many nuclear plants vendors and national laboratories .
Furthermore , the VHTR concept requires "the lowest risk technology development" to "achieve the needed commercial functional requirements" CITATION Ver09 \l 2052 (Very-High-Temperature Reactor (VHTR)) among the six Generation IV reactors .
Therefore , safety is highly guaranteed in the development and application of VHTR .
Besides safety , people are concerned much about the work efficiency .
Nobody wants to spend so much of their resources to develop something operating poorly .
In fact , "the VHTR system is designed to be a high-efficiency system and that can supply process heat to a broad spectrum of high-temperature and energy-intensive , non-electric processes ."
CITATION Ver09 \l 2052 (Very-High-Temperature Reactor (VHTR)) The pebble-bed and prismatic design of VHTR makes no intermediate refueling necessary .
And due to high temperature , the reactor generates electricity and hydrogen simultaneously , superior to the sodium-cooled fast reactors and critical-water-cooled reactors which can only generate electricity .
In addition , the high temperature exchanger and electrical heater of a VHTR system prevent significant efficiency loss .
Therefore , the VTHR system can meet our efficiency requirements undoubtedly .
Last but not  least , every technological innovation should be feasible not only technically but also economically .
As far as we know , the ultra-long life VHTR systems can be developed with minor actinides .
Minor actinides used can incinerate burnable poisons or fuel materials to obtain high levels of burn-up , which could "facilitate development of new fuel cycles and support sustainability of a fuel source for nuclear energy" .
CITATION Pav09 \l 2052 (Tsvetkov) So the cost of maintenance and fuels for VHTR can be highly reduced compared to other Generation IV reactors .
Besides , the earliest delivery time for VHTR is 2020 , earlier than that of other Generation IV reactors except Sodium-cooled fast reactors .
The earlier delivery means the earlier alleviation of these impending problems and more payback .
Hence , the VHTR systems are highly practical economically .
In conclusion , to solve the global warming and energy shortage problems , we need the exploration and better utilization of nuclear energy .
And among the six proposed new generation nuclear reactors , the VHTR systems are the best in consideration of various factors .
The strong technological backup provides adequate safety; the specific innovational design of the system ensures high work efficiency; the ultra long lifetime and early delivery brings comparatively lower cost .
Therefore , VHTR is the one which deserves further research and development funding most .
On the 6th of March 1987 the freight ferry 'Herald of Free Enterprise' capsized just ouside the port of Zeebrugge .
The accident took the lives of 150 passengers and 38 crewmembers  .
(Pijnenburg &Duin ,1990) .
Could this accident have been prevented or to be specific could the use of psychology during the design process prevent this accident from happening ?
Major accidents besides Zeebrugge such as the 'Three Mile Island' incident and the 'Chernobyl 'disaster are said to be caused by human error .
Statistics show that close to 90% of all accidents is caused by human error .
(BI-ME staff ,2009) The major companies have given the excuse of cost and time as the reason why they have not considered implementing psychology during the design process .
Although these major companies have not shown a high enough level of interest to invest in the use of engineering psychology , I believe that engineering psychology can help improve on the safety of operation in their industry and eventually reduce accidents .
I will look into the 'Zeebrugge' incident in detail to prove that it could have been prevented if psychology were used during the design process .
In the case of the 'Zeebrugge' incident , there were many things wrong with the design of the ferry .
For instance the ferry's design is a huge hull for which its purpose is to load and unload cars at a very fast pace .
Although it might seem a good idea at first  having a huge hull means that the boat can easily turn over when there is water on deck (Noyes  & Stanton ,1997) .
This matter has been brought into attention to the Board of Directors but they were not willing to waste money to have the engineers sketch up a new design .
Another design flaw is there were no light indicators to give notice of the status  of the bow doors .
Once again  ,the idea was rejected because of cost issues .
Considering that one of the reasons that the accident happened is because the bow doors were still open when the ferry left the port  ,it makes us wonder whether the accident could really have been prevented if proper precautions were taken .
During the design process , it is important to ensure that the product design is safe and user friendly (Wilpert ,2007) .
When designing a product or even a system , engineers must make sure that there are safety measures or considerations taken in the design .
Another cause of the ferry capsizing is the lack of communication within the organization .
Critics claim that it is important to establish a professional relationship between the workers and make sure the workers do not step over their scope of work .
This way of thinking however is inexcusable as when working in an engineering industry , most departments rely on each other .
When water started to flood in the 'Herald Of Free Enterprise' , one deck hand noticed it but did not report the matter because he thought that others may have noticed and it was not his job .
If there were proper interaction between the workers the 'Zeebrugge' incident could have a different ending .
Apart from that there is also the matter of the management's role into the 'Zeebrugge' incident .
The management is said to be pushing their workers to work double shift just for their own profits .
Critics mentioned that the welfare of the workers is not important .
As long as they are being paid for their extra work , it is fine .
That way of management is very harsh as the workers' safety and their health are very important .
Looking in the 'Zeebrugge' incident , the worker who was supposed to make sure the bow doors were closed , was asleep .
Because the higher-ups forced the workers into exhaustion an engineering accident happened .
The workers' psychological state and physiological state must be good in order for him to perform his job .
When the workers' mind is in the right place , then he will be happy and content when working (Carpentier & Cazamian ,1977) .
This will undoubtedly reduce human error .
It is without question that the 'Herald of Free Enterprise' would not have capsized if psychological approach is taken during the design process .
Not only the incident at 'Zeebrugge' , but many other major  from this approach in design .
The fundamental issues when designing is that it should match its expectations and also be safe to operate (Wilpert ,2007) .
Although it is impossible to totally remove human error from operations , the  next best thing we can do is to reduce it and by using psychology such a goal can be achieved .
In the past few decades , nuclear energy has been considered as a futuristic and exotic technology which requires much research and experimentation in order to develop these farfetched ideas .
Nowadays , reactors in operation around the world are generally considered second or third generation systems , with the first-generation systems out-dated some time ago .
Our next step will be to innovate generation IV reactors which are cheaper , safer and cleaner compared with the current nuclear reactors .
This mission is put under the responsibility of the Generation IV International Forum (GIF) where ten nations will come together to research and plan the nuclear reactors of tomorrow .
Among the six generation IV reactors concepts , the Very High Temperature Reactor concept deserves further research and development funding for it .
As an introduction , the Very High Temperature Reactor concept uses either a prismatic-block or pebble bed reactor design graphite-moderated core with uranium fuel cycle to generate electricity and produce hydrogen through a thermochemical process .
This high temperature reactor uses inert helium to keep the reactor cool and can be considered as passively safe .
Experiments have been carried out by Japan's Atomic Energy Research Institute based in Kashiwa to test its feasibility by operating a similar high-temperature engineering test reactor at Oarai , Tokyo .
Its first test run had a quite satisfactory result by achieving its goal of 9500C without having any sign of partial reactor meltdown .
Hence , this reactor is practical and has a high potential to be the next generation nuclear reactor .
Generally , nuclear power is a sustainable energy source that does not pollute our environment with tremendous amounts of toxic gases such as nitrogen oxides , sulfur oxides and carbon dioxide .
Compared with fuel oil and coal combustion , nuclear power not only meets the increased global energy demands in the future but also avoids global warming issues .
In Taipei , Taiwan , the government would rather  extend its oldest nuclear plant's life and is willing to take the risk of public safety just to cut down the greenhouse effects .
However , we cannot deny the fact that nuclear energy will produce radioactive wastes that raise the concern of the public .
In fact , nuclear power plant will only emit a very small percentage of radioactive wastes to the air during its operation and the possibility of nuclear wastes leakage is very low .
This safety issues arises because of the huge information gap besides the lack of communication and understanding between the experts and the public about the safety measures taken during the operation of nuclear power plant .
In terms of performance , the Very High Temperature Reactor  is able  to generate 50% more electricity compared with other conventional plants such as Pressurized Water Reactor .
This is because this reactor is designed to run at temperature 10000C which is the highest temperature used among the generation IV reactors to generate electricity  using the same amount of fuel .
Basically , high temperature operations are more efficient to convert heat energy to electrical energy and can avoid wasting of energy in other forms .
This reactor does not have a waste recycling process  and instead , the waste goes directly to the repository .
Although reprocessing can decrease the quantity of waste produced , the generation of weapons-grade plutonium is still not a beneficial product to human kind .
We should cut down the amount of plutonium present and not increase its quantity for further development .
There is no doubt that up-front cost of nuclear power plant building is relatively expensive compared to those associated with fossil fuels .
In fact , there are many ways to mitigate these costs .
The Very High Temperature Reactor is considerably cheap compared to other reactors .
It does not run the conventional reprocessing which is rather expensive and it is among the earliest delivery of generation IV reactor .
Hence , this reactor does not need a very long research period and cuts down the unnecessary development funding .
In conclusion , nuclear energy brings many advantages to our society .
It not only decreases the world's dependency on fuel oils to generate electricity , but also acts as an environment protector .
Although there are a few drawbacks of nuclear power , we can reduce these negative effects by using the latest technology in newer reactors and placing emphasis on public safety .
As long as we use it wisely and efficiently , I believe that nuclear power greatly surpasses other type of energies .
The world is facing an energy crisis .
Current means of generating electricity such as burning of fossil fuels are getting less viable by the day due to its depleting source .
Hence , there is a need for new alternative methods of generating electricity that is capable of satisfying the energy demand of the growing world population .
One such alternative would be nuclear energy .
Nuclear plant takes advantage of the heat generated from nuclear fission and uses it to heat up water , producing steam .
The steam produced is then used to generate electricity .
Although the whole process does sound simple , there is actually more to it than meets the eye .
In fact , most people are not comfortable with the idea of using nuclear reactors to generate electricity , for good reasons .
However there are six new generation IV reactors being developed at the moment that promises to resolve many of the issues posed by generators of the past .
Of these six reactors , the most promising reactor would be the very-high-temperature reactors (VHTR) .
The chief issue that the public have against nuclear reactors is of course it's safety .
Past events such as the incident in Chernobyl serve as a grim retheirder of the dangers that comes with a nuclear reactor .
On top of that , VHTR require a relatively high areerating temperature and pressure for optimum function .
To ensure that VHTR does not suffer the same fate as reactor 4 inA nuclear plant ew materials such as nickel super-alloys and chromium steel are being looked at as potential candidates for reaction vessels as these materials are capable of withstanding the extreme conditions of VHTR .
The reaction itself , unlike other generation IV plants , is moderated by uranium oxycarbide coated graphite , a naturally safe choice , capable of retaining radioactive waste .
BesideHowever , helium , the coolant of choice in VHTR is chemically inert .
So , it is not affpromise radiation , unlike other coolants such as water .
The public tend to moan about the higwithmical cost necessary in buildintheird maintaining a nuclear plant .
In fact , each of the generation IV reactors will require a staggeringcomellion USD in construction cost alone .
Apart from that , there is also the research cost as well which requires consideration as it also contributes to the overall cost of the plants .
But then again , people tend to overlook the benefits that these reactors yield as future investments .
For one , constant research and testing ensures that the safety of these reactors are not compromised .
Despite the relatively high volume of researchunlike that in other generation IV plantsother nuclear reactors , the fact that researchers are able to reassure its delivery by the year 2020 , five years earlier than most ofhelium , the coolant of choice in VHTR ,search work on VHTR is much simpler compared to the other reactors , costing less .
to that on the other reactorsThe performance of generation III nucleeconomics have also raised concerns .
In a generation III nuclear plant , only 5% of uranium input is actually converted into electricity while the rest of it turns into nuclear waste .
Compared to other means of generating energy , users will have to pay more for the same amount of electricity generated via nuclear means .
On the other hand , VHTR is said to be able to convert up to 65% of uranium into energy .
That means only less than half of the uranium input will now go to waste .
In addition , due to the his temperature and pressure involved in VHTR , conversion rate is improved and this produces hydrogen gas as well which can be used to fuel green cars of the futuensure
Among the six proposed generation IV nuclear power hasts , VHTR is by far the most promising choice .
Firstly , due to the research already being done on known materials to serve as reaction vessels , safety is no longer an issue as they are capable of withstanding the operating conditions of VHTR .
The cost of building each generation IV nuclear reactor is about the same .
However , the cost of research on VHTR is less than most of the other candidates .
Plus , generation IV nuclear reactors are much more efficient than those of generation III because of the higher energy conversion rate that they have to offer .
At the same time , VHTR also produces useful hydrogen gases as by-products .
In conclusion , unless the world decides to live completely in the dark , a new method of generating electricity needs to replace the constantly depleting fossil fuels that we current rely so heavily on as an energy source .
The best alternative approach on the table at this point in time is nuclear energy .
Despite the current economic downturn , it is only a matter of time before the energy crisis is resolved .
Necessity and the sense of urgency will alMoreover be the best motivator .
currentlyfastAnnex
In a time where energy sources are depleting rapidly , a call for new alternate energy has been made by several countries and a large amount of effort and money has been poured into this new cause .
Nuclear power energy has been claimed by many as the most desired new energy source for the new age (Butler , 2004) .
However , in my opinion , other alternate energy sources like solar and hydro energy have more potential to be the new dawn for energy as they have far more advantages than nuclear energy and with lesser risk involved .
Another major issue with the nuclear plant will be the security aspect of the use of nuclear power .
It is a well-known fact that the by-product of the nuclear plant , mainly the nuclear waste has been used for developing nuclear weapons (Wald , 2000) .
The development of nuclear weapons has been condemned by several countries and organizations like the U .N (United Nations) .
Although some might claim that  ,  it is almost impossible to guard against such cases (Butler , 2004) .
Moreover , the ever increasing risk of terrorism will result in a much threatening situation if the nuclear weapon is  stolen .
The amount of damage that will occur is unimaginable  if the terrorists are able to get their hand on a nuclear power plant .
In conclusion , all the following aspects such as the security , safety and costs component for a nuclear reactor indicate far more disadvantages and risks compared to the advantages that the nuclear reactor  brings about .
Thus , in my view , there are much better technology and sources than nuclear power around , so there should be more emphasis and support for other technologies .
It is beyond doubt that the Earth has been recently getting warmer .
The most devastating effects of global warming was the South-Eastern Australian heat wave which brought temperatures soaring above 43 degrees Celsius according to the  (2009) .
One of the main contributors of global warming is the burning of coal and gas to produce energy .
In the year 2007 , it was proven that the coal-generated power plants were the largest source of global warming (Environment News Service , 2008) .
However , we can reduce global warming by using the Generation IV (Gen IV) reactor concept nuclear plants .
One such reactor is the Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) which can produce large volumes of energy cleanly , reliably , safely and affordably .
This would therefore provide future price stability and have environmental attributes .
These characteristics demonstrate why the VHTR is such an imperative in the United States (Wallace , 2005) , but due to public opposition , nuclear reactors are perceived as dangerous and unreliable .
However , we should clear the misunderstandings of nuclear energy and learn to accept it and use it to save the Earth .
Firstly , public citizens argue that future nuclear reactors like the VHTR are too risky to rely on due to events like the Three Mile Island and the Chernobyl disaster .
As a result , the public perceives that having a nuclear reactor is like having a bomb waiting to explode .
However , this is not creditable .
In both disasters , human error was more to blame than the technology itself (Wallace , 2005) .
Furthermore , according to engineers of MPR Associates Inc Engineers , the VHTR will be safe and reliable to operate with improved accident management and mitigation and reduced off-side response with little human intervention .
In addition , the focus of the Gen IV reactor concepts is on the use of inherent safety features and designs .
Thus , we can safely conclude that the VHTR as well as nuclear technology are not as dangerous as perceived by the public .
Furthermore , there is widespread information that nuclear energy is the most expensive and unreliable source of energy .
On the contrary , a team of energy experts from various governments , academic and private sector research units noted that wind and solar powers are not very reliable as they are only generated when the wind is right or when the sun is shining (Science Compass , 2002) .
Furthermore , they are also very difficult to store hence making it a very unreliable source of energy .
In addition to this , solar and wind technologies are four to ten times more expensive than nuclear energy sources like the VHTR .
For example , a VHTR costs 2 billion dollars and is able to supply electricity to billions of homes whereas one wind energy system for one home costs 25 ,000 dollars .
In comparison , VHTR supplying electricity is much cheaper (Martin , 2009) .
In short , Wind and solar power are intermittent and unpredictable and they simply cannot replace coal generating power plants .
Therefore , building a Gen IV nuclear reactor like the VHTR is not as unreliable and expensive as perceived by most .
Another issue widely discussed by the public is the issue of nuclear waste .
It is true that the generation of electricity in a nuclear power plant produces nuclear waste which is difficult to dispose of and harmful to the public as the effects are devastating .
However , according to the {International Atomic Energy Agency}[HYPERLINK: http://www .iaea .org/Publications/Factsheets/English/manradwa .html] (2005) , there is research being conducted to develop a technology where the VHTR will be powered by using fuels originating from reprocessed nuclear-waste .
This technology would not only destroy most of the nuclear waste , but it would also make the existing waste a very valuable source of energy .
Furthermore , it can also be used to deliver ten times the energy of an original fuel .
Hence , with more research and time given to develop the technology , nuclear waste would not become a  anymore .
In conclusion , the VHTR can be seen as a safe , reliable and  affordable way to produce electricity since electricity has become a necessity in our everyday lives .
To confront global warming , Gen IV nuclear reactors like the VHTR should be seen as a solution .
According to a study by MIT in 2003 , it was concluded that the use of nuclear energy may be needed to meet future energy demands and to reduce carbon emissions as energy demands continue to rise annually .
Nuclear power has been around for several decades and has transformed itself to become a more efficient way of producing electricity for consumer use .
As of today , the US has 104 reactors , contributing about 20 percent of the nation's power (Clayton , 2009) .
Currently , the reactors have already evolved till the fourth generation and there are six different concepts .
These concepts had evolved due to the Generation IV International Forum (GIF) where a team of ten nations will plan the direction for future nuclear reactors (Butler , 2004) .
The main focus will be on the cost aspects such as high construction costs , operating costs as well as the decommissioning costs .
As such , I do not support to provide funds for further research and development (R&D) for the building nuclear power plants .
Firstly , high construction costs are incurred when building the plant for Very-high-temperature reactors (VHTR) due to the requirements of the reactor .
For VHTR to operate , it needs to be carried out at very high temperature of 1000C and also at high pressure (Butler , 2004) .
This will require the building materials to be very tough , resulting in higher cost .
There will also be fluctuations in the cost , depending on the period the plant is built and this is a major component of the cost of building nuclear plant .
On the other hand , it should also be noted that price fluctuations will not only affect the construction costs of building a nuclear power plant but also the costs of building other types of plants that produce electricity such as coal and natural gas plants .
As nuclear power plants receive government subsidies due to the fact that it is a cleaner gas , this means that construction costs incurred by the company will be greatly reduced .
A total of $178 billion has been used for nuclear power subsidies between 1947 and 1999 (Clayton , 2009) .
Another factor that contributes to the high costs of nuclear plants lies in the operating costs .
Daily costs include labour such as operators and maintenance personnel , overheads such as computers and equipment , expendable materials such as replacement and computer parts , licensing costs such as power reactor licenses which cost $2 ,980 ,000 per unit and local property taxes which cost around $15 to $20 million per year (The vital Nuclear Tourist , 2005) .
All these daily costs are rather fixed , thus a reduction in the operational side is rather unlikely .
However , in the long run , savings in the operating costs could be a rather large with the help of improved technology .
If technology could help to automate the reactors , then the number of operators required will be reduced and by doing R&D , the parts could have a longer lifespan and hence expenditure of replacing parts will be much lowered .
Lastly , the factor that accounts for the high cost is due to decommissioning costs .
It refers to the nuclear power plant is being treated as nuclear waste .
This is another overwhelming expense of nuclear power .
The average cost of decommissioning a power plant is about $300 million .
The funds for decommissioning accumulate in the operating cost of the plant .
On the contrary , though for nuclear power plants , we have to take into account decommissioning costs which are not found in other types of plants producing electricity but for nuclear power plant , no cost is incurred in the cleaning up of the waste products being produced during the production of electricity .
Due to climate changes , countries are encouraged to lower the amount of carbon dioxide gas (CO2) released into the air by treating it so as to remove its toxicity (Clayton , 2009) .
As such , the costs incurred by other power plants will also be increased due to this action .
Yetsubstantialfixed; thus a nuclear plantprovidingIn conclusion , the different factors of costs , mainly construction costs , operating costs and decommissioning costs contribute to almost the whole cost of building nuclear plant .
The total cost is a very huge figure as compared to other types of power plants .
As such , I do not support the further R&D ftong for it .
This is backed up by the fact that no new nuclear power plants have been ordered in the US since 1978 as the high costs have caused many problems such as bawouldptcies (Clayton , 2009) .
In a world where technology has fitted seamlessly  , the threat of global warming and rising energy needs which affect the future of our planet has never been greater .
Given the gloomy forecast on global warming due to the environmental impacts caused by greenhouse gases , it is not surprising that countries are turning towards nuclear energy as an alternative .
The only issue that stands in the way of the government turning towards this alternative is the memories of past incidents such as the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , and the partial reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania (Butler , 2004 , para .4) .
However , over the recent years , research is starting to show that such issues can be overcome , and together with the launch of generation IV reactor concepts , we may be on hand to witness the revival of nuclear reactors which are safer , more valuable and more energy-efficient .
History shows the risk of having nuclear plants in the vicinity of our homes , and the need for more of such plants to meet the increasing demands for energy such as electricity will only heighten the danger further .
However , these plants will only be available in 2025 , as in the case of the Gas-Cooled-Fast-Reactor (GCFR) , and through extensive research , these plants will contain irradiation-resistant materials as well as heat-resistant fuels and materials .
In the event of accidents caused by high fuel burn-ups , temperature control will be available .
Furthermore , learning from the mistakes of past experiences , accidents caused by human errors can be greatly reduced .
According to a statistical review of world energy consumption done by the EIA (Energy Information Administration , 2009) , the total world consumption of marketed energy is projected to increase by 44 percent from 2006 to 2030 .
Given the fact that the current rate of fuel consumption is already causing damage to our planet , such statistics is indeed alarming .
This leads to an increased urgency to turn to the usage of alternative energy such as nuclear energy , as the waste produced does not contain any greenhouse gases , thus it will help reduce global warming , as well as climate change .
As stated in Butler's article (Butler , 2004 , para .9) , the production of nuclear power plants may cost up to a hefty US$1 billion , yet it may end up as the cheaper alternative  compared to the rising cost of oil and fuels , since fossil fuels are getting scarcer , and hence more expensive .
Generation II's reactors are known to be less efficient  compared to the energy generated by fossil fuels , which has led to the decrease in the production of such plants , to the point that countries have resorted to using more fossil fuels instead of relying on the nuclear plants .
However , one of the generation IV reactor concepts such as the Gas-Cooled-Fast-Reactor (GCFR) has new functions which are turning the heads of investors and the government .
The GCFR has a 50% increase in efficiency as compared to Generation II's reactors .
Studies have shown that nuclear fission , the splitting of a heavy atom's nucleus , releases great amounts of energy .
(N .D . Alternate Energy Sources) For example , the energy it releases is 10 million times greater than is released by the burning of an atom of fossil fuel .
Besides , it would take many hectares of land covered with solar collectors , wind farms or hydro-electric dams to equal this power .
The fact that it is also able to produce both electricity and hydrogen makes it all the more practical .
Hydrogen can then be converted to produce electricity; without this conversion , demand from US transport alone will cause the nation's oil imports to soar by 78% (Butler , 2004 , para .15)
The damages caused by global warming may be causing the birth of nuclear technology , and given the benefits that it brings , it comes as no surprise that extensive research is constantly being done to ensure the smooth delivery for this renewable source of energy .
Being equipped with this self sufficient form of energy , mankind can then continue to come up with cutting edge technology without the fear of harming our planet .
There is a proverb 'Fire is a good servant but a bad master' .
Fire is an energy which could be employed to sustain life but at the same time , mismanagement could lead to devastating consequences .
Likewise , nuclear energy handled appropriately is an enormous power which could be harnessed for the good of mankind .
The massive potential of nuclear power as a replacement for fossil fuel and coal in the international energy scene comes into focus amid growing concern caused by global warming .
Nuclear energy being non-polluting could be an environmentally-friendly alternative which would alleviate the profound threat to humanity caused by severe climate change .
While nuclear opponents highlight safety , cost and performance issues , the Very High Temperature (VHT) Reactor is a Generation IV reactor concept which should be researched and developed further .
Public unease over the safety of nuclear technology has historically been the principal opposition against its utilisation .
Indeed , a burnt child dreads fire .
The nineteen-eighty-six Chernobyl accident killed thirty- one people and resulted in significant damage to environment and population health in large parts of Europe .
However , as pointed out in a 2008 report by the World Nuclear Association , "to this day , the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl accidents remain the only major accidents to have occurred in more than 12 ,700 cumulative reactor-years of commercial operation in 32 countries" .
Furthermore , statistics from the same report placed coal as the type of energy generation which caused the most related immediate fatalities from 1970 to 1992 with a total death count of six thousand and four hundred .
In contrast , nuclear power industry only resulted in thirty-one for the same period .
Moreover , the safety of nuclear technology was demonstrated during Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
The survival of all three directly affected nuclear plants illustrates the high preparedness of the nuclear industry for operation under harsh conditions .
Crucially , when extrapolated to the event of a hypothesised terrorist strike , it showcased the capability of current technology to work during emergency .
Further research into VHT reactors would improve safety standards and ease public concern .
Next , opponents are concerned about the cost of nuclear energy .
They argue that investing resource into constructing the related facilities is not economical .
Studies from the Nuclear Energy Institute showed otherwise .
In the United States in 2008 , the cost of electricity from nuclear production was 1 .87 cents per kilowatt-hour , lower than that produced with coal or gas  which was 2 .75 and 8 .09 respectively .
Furthermore , the indirect economic cost from global warming would be catastrophic as recently seen in world-wide increase in frequency of natural disasters and their ruthless damage to property and human life .
Moreover , a reason why such facilities are budget taxing is due to lack of construction expertise .
As one of the aims of VHT reactor research is cost reduction , the proposed research and development in this field will draw in resources and bring about a decrease in construction and production cost .
Another reason for opposition is the disputed performance of VHT reactors .
Opponents regard Generation IV reactor as mere concepts which work only in computer simulations .
However , research into enhancing reactors in the last two decades has led to improvement in production efficiency in current plants .
The average capacity factor for plants in the United States was fifty-six percent in 1980  compared to ninety-one percent in 2008 .
Finally , VHT reactors possess attractive qualities .
The utilisation of non-reactive helium coolant and graphite moderator with high temperature stability makes the design inherently safe .
Waste is not reprocessed , thereby reducing controversy stemming from nuclear weapons proliferation that surrounds other designs .
Furthermore , there is dual output of hydrogen as well as electricity .
Hydrogen , another non-polluting fuel , could be used in smaller-scale energy generation as seen in its application in hybrid- cars .
Therefore , the VHT reactor concept should be further researched and developed .
To conclude , the VHT reactor is a passively safe design which could potentially produce power at reasonable cost without contaminating the environment .
While there are issues relating to the development of nuclear technology , this is precisely why further research is required .
Just like how Prometheus brought fire to mortals , scientists have given us nuclear power .
Although this power is naturally destructive , mankind should not cower in fear .
Instead , we should research into harnessing this great energy .
Nuclear power has always been a very controversial topic over the past  few decades .
The proponents emphasized  its high energy potential while the opponents were so much concerned about its radioactive nature that might cause harm .
As energy resources have become more and more precious and our technologies keep advancing , the supporting side of nuclear power seems winning in recent years as nuclear power plants are increasing in numbers in America , China , Japan and other countries .
Butler (2004)says that the Supercritical-water-cooled reactors (SCWR) should be used .
Hence , it is necessary to have further research and more development funding for nuclear power due to its cost-efficiency , security and safety issues .
Firstly , nuclear power is superior to other energy resources due to its cost-efficiency .
Global warming has drawn people's attention nowadays .
Al Gore's documentary film "An Inconvenient Truth" and the Kyoto Protocol ratified by nations have shown that it is urgent to find a future energy alternative .
Nuclear energy will be the one as nuclear power can produce 50% more electricity compared to coal and it emits less  dangerous oxides such as  carbon dioxide , sulphur dioxide and so on .
For instance , 790 to 1182 grams of greenhouse gases are released by a coal plant if 1 kilowatt- hour electricity is generated while only 2 to 59 grams of it is emitted by a nuclear power plant .
(Nuclear vs . Coal , 2007) The cost for coal and nuclear energies are generally comparative , $300/Mw-hr for nuclear energy and $29 .1/Mw-hr for coal respectively .
SCWRs are also cheap and efficient to run and build .
Thus , nuclear energy is more cost-efficient compared to existing energy resources and it is more environment-friendly .
Moreover , the nuclear power system  is much more secure than other energy resource systems .
The establishment of a nuclear plant is  .
Once the plants are built up , safety precautions will be installed and working staff will be carefully selected .
Hence , it is indeed not easy for terrorists to attack the plants as they will be spotted and stopped by the high-tech security systems before they do so .
Abuse of nuclear energy is also less likely to happen among countries as international organizations such as United Nations will hinder the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
For instance , North Korea has announced plans to be  a "powerful nation" by 2012 in terms of nuclear weapons .
(Klingner , 2009) America , China and other big countries and organizations have stood up and criticized this action .
Many nuclear power projects are not implemented under pressure such as the one initiated by Korea Peninsula Energy Development Organization (KEDO) .
From the hindered growth of nuclear energy in North Korea , we can see that the abuse of nuclear power such as SCWRs is less likely to happen nowadays .
The atomic bombing in Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 will definitely not happen nowadays as they will be strongly opposed due to its inherent immorality and military unnecessariness .
On the other hand , nuclear energy is much safer than other energy resources .
Governments have spent large amounts of money in maintaining the safety of nuclear power plants .
Technologies are kept upgraded to ensure the smooth running of the systems .
The following statistics can illustrate that nuclear power is much safer than others .
The number of immediate fatalities from 1970 to 1992 for nuclear power facilities is 31 and those for coal and gas are 6400 and 1200 respectively .
(Ball , 2001) We cannot deny the fact that nuclear disasters have happened in the past such as Chernobyl disaster in 1986 .
(Jaworowski , 2004) However , as compared to coal plant accidents , SCWR is still a superior choice due to its sophisticated safety systems and that is why the governments should have development funding for it to achieve zero nuclear disaster someday in the future .
To sum-up , the nuclear energy is much more environment-friendly and it is a better choice compared to coals and gases as more electricity can be generated by the same amount of nuclear energy with comparative costs .
Nuclear energy is also under protection of high-tech security systems .
Hence , we should support further research in this area and increase the development funding for nuclear power .
Since the nuclear reactor accident at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl , it has been two decades before the issues regarding conventional nuclear power were brought up once again due to increasing cost of power generation .
Generation IV nuclear energy systems offer advantages in the areas of economics , safety and reliability , sustainability and could be deployed commercially by 2030 (Cogeneration Technologies , 2002) .
The Generation IV International Forum (GIF) has selected six nuclear systems which have the potential to be used for commercial electricity generation and in my opinion , the supercritical-water-cooled reactor (SCWR) and the very high temperature reactor (VHTR) are the better ones compared to the rest of the reactors .
Further , I think that the VHTR deserves further research and development funding compared to the SCWR .
On safety features , the SCWR operates at a lower temperature (510C - 550C) than the VHTR (1000C) which gives the impression that VHTR is more dangerous than the SCWR .
But the fact is that the VHTR uses a graphite-moderated core with specific design optimizations (Sterbentz , 2007) .
Thus , the core has large thermal inertia which means it is not easily corroded even in high temperatures .
It also has high heat capacity and structural stability .
VHTR uses helium gas as coolant which does not react with other substances even at high temperatures (Chang , 2007) .
Further , the VHTR will be built on hard rock surface and this will minimize the effect of natural disaster such as earthquake .
Besides , it will also be built in a confined building that will protect the reactor from terrorists' attacks .
With these safety and security features , the VHTR is safer and more secure than SCWR .
The reason for using nuclear power is because power generated from fossil fuel is getting more and more expensive due to scarcity of fossil fuel .
Therefore , we must be able to produce nuclear power  at a cost lower than conventional power plants .
The capital cost of a SCWR is approximately USD 1 billion and VHTR is from USD 1 .8 billion to USD 2 .4 billion which means building a SCWR is much cheaper than building a VHTR (US Department of Energy , 2004) .
The reason for the higher cost in building a VHTR is because of its safety features .
In addition , VHTR uses high-strength alloys with protective coatings that could significantly improve the service life of high temperature reactor components .
Furthermore , the capital cost of VHTR will be lower for the second and subsequent reactors than the first one (DOE , 2004) .
In addition , VHTR has a low input cost which will lead to low processing cost that will produce cheaper electricity .
This feature alone already fulfills one of the main objectives of GIF which is to produce low cost electricity .
The reactor's performance is also one of the main concerns of GIF .
SWCR has a higher efficiency compared to the current water-cooled reactor by having a burn-up of 45% but VHTR has an even higher burn-up which is 65% .
Another advantage of VHTR over SWCR is the ability to produce hydrogen without consuming fossil fuels or emitting greenhouse gasses (Forsberg , Peterson & Ott , 2004) .
Hydrogen production needs a high temperature of 700C , so heat from VHTR can be transferred to hydrogen production plant but SWCR does not produce high enough temperature .
Experts see hydrogen as the future fuel and large amounts of hydrogen are needed to convert heavy oils and tar sands to liquid fuel .
Hydrogen is also needed in fertilizer production .
Hydrogen is getting increasingly important because of its potential to be used in fuel cells .
Therefore , the ability of producing hydrogen is a great advantage to VHTR .
The objective of GIF is to produce electricity at a lower cost by using nuclear reactor with the least threat to the society .
Furthermore , they plan to replace fossil fuel generators that cause pollution .
Since VHTR , also known as the 'New Generation Nuclear Plant' , has more advantages over the SCWR , VHTR is definitely a better nuclear system to be further developed .
With the development in industries and technology , the consequences of mistakes in design processes become increasingly disastrous (LaPorte , 1996) .
A series of accidents caused by errors in the field of engineering have aroused debates in the practice of psychology in engineering design processes to prevent potential dangers .
Those with opposing views have expressed their doubts about the effectiveness of practice of psychology in design processes .
Many engineers have argued that the practice of psychology will be redundant since safety regulations are already established in engineering to prevent accidents .
Some have also argued that the enrolment of psychologists increase the cost of production and may also hinder engineering creativity .
Despite all these opposing arguments , I firmly believe that the practice of psychology is essential in design processes to help avoid human errors and prevent disasters .
In this article , I would like to focus on the Eschede tain disaster and discuss how the practice of psychology can help prevent the disaster .
could have helpedtrainpreventAmong those opposing views , there is a common misconception that psychology has nothing to do with dhave becomeprocess .
This point of view is not true since design processes are human activities and human activities are always accomplished by human errors .
Psychology , by studying human behaviours and activities , is able to detect these human errors and help avoid and eliminate accidents (Stanton , 1996) .
In the case of the Eschede train disaster , the design of the wheel tire only underwent limited tests (Semmens , 1994) and the tire's performance under extreme conditions was only proved theoretically .
The practice of psychology would help spottininvolvementgligence and the accident would probably be avoided .
As such , practice of psychology should be involved in design processes to help eliminate human errors and avoid accidents .
Some engineers argue that practice of psychology in design processes is redundant since safety regulations and norms are already established in the spoting field .
However , engineers seem to be more focused on technicalaccompanied as effectiveness and efficiency , and safety components are usually overlooked .
For the Eschede train disaster , it was lapreventevealed that the Fraunhofer Institute had observed possible tire failure as early as 1992 , however the problem was ignored until the disaster happened (Hall , 1987) .
Other accidents in engineering history also revealed the lack of enough attention of the consequences of errors in engineering field .
Hence , even with the established safety regulations in engineering , the practice of psychology is essential in re-examining and evaluating the design producpreventr hidden dangers to prevent disasters .
Another opposing view expressed by some managers is that the enrollment of psychologists in design processes will increase the cost and time spent .
This is a valid concern; however it cannot deny the significance of practice of psychology in design processes .
The additional cost spent is far less significant than the payoffs if accident occurs .
In addition , this problem of extra cost can be minimized if managers carefully analyse the nature 1992; however ,ry and decide how far psychology should be involved in design processes .
For example , for industries where design processes are compd consequenons of errors are tremendous , enrolment of psogists may be integrated , while for other industries which involves less complicated designs , psychologists may step in only after each design stages or at the end of the designs .
Some engineers have further argued that the presence of psychologists may hinder creativity due to lack of engineering knowledge .
This problem can be perfectly solved if engineers are educated in psychology .
stageinvolveengagementIn conclusion , the practice of psychology is undeniably signiinvolvementengineering design processes as it can help eliminate human errors and prevent accidents .
Considering the increment in cnegateof production , psychologists may be enrolled in various degrees according to the nature of the industry and the respective products .
Foan accidentries where professional knowledge is required , engineers educated in psychology should be involved in design processes such that safety factors can be given enough attention while innovation process will not be influenced .
The first nuclear reactor was built as part of the Manhattan project back in the 1940's to build an atomic bomb (Gilman , Newton , N .D) .
After World War II , nuclear reactors became power generators , providing electrical energy .
However , people opposed the usage of nuclear power .
The opposition can be categorized into three main groups; the public , the government , and the industry .
The public are concerned about health and safety , governments are concerned about security , the environment , and space constraints , and the industries are concerned about profits , the environment , and operation stability .
To address these concerns , experts proposed several designs for the next generation of reactors .
These designs are flawed , failing to resolve some of the concerns people have .
However , with fossil fuel depleting fast (Howden , 2007) , alternative sources of energy need to be explored; hence research on nuclear power as an energy source should be carried out .
In addition , the Lead-cooled fast reactor (LCFR) design is the best solution to the people's concerns , so research should be concentrated on this design .
First , the LCFR operates in a moderate temperature , low pressure condition (Butler , 2004) .
This characteristic is advantageous as operating a reactor under such conditions is simpler compared to the extreme conditions such as high temperature required for the other designs .
Also , according to Butler (2004) , at such temperatures the conversion of heat to electricity is efficient , thus producing more energy than present nuclear plants .
Thus the expenses to develop and operate the LCFR are cheaper than the other designs , increasing profit .
This addresses the considerations industries have for profits and operation stability .
Furthermore , with stability , accidents are unlikely to occur , and therefore it resolves  the concerns people have for safety .
Next , the LCFR enables waste recycling .
The advantage is the maximized use of uranium , the fuel for nuclear power .
As uranium is a non-renewable resource , wasting should be discouraged , as uranium reserves will deplete as rapidly as fossil fuel .
This is critical as one motive of looking for alternative energy sources is to have a long lasting source; thus this property should be prioritized .
In addition , with waste recycling , the amount of radioactive waste to be disposed is reduced .
This dispels the environmental concerns that governments and industries have .
However , waste recycling is dangerous , as plutonium is separated .
Plutonium is a key ingredient of nuclear weaponry , thus causing the government's security concerns .
Nevertheless , this can be resolved by implementing restrictions on nations , preventing nuclear weaponry development .
Hence this property should be present in the future nuclear plant .
Another property of the new nuclear plant is the production of hydrogen fuel together with electricity .
As hydrogen is capable of replacing fossil fuel as an energy source (Bose ,  Malbrunot , 2006) , having nuclear plants that produce hydrogen will relieve us of our dependence on the fast depleting fossil fuel for energy .
This will benefit the world , as carbon emissions will then decrease , slowing down global warming .
However , considering the large amount of space taken up by a plant and its hydrogen output , governments will debate over whether it is worthwhile to use so much land to produce enough fuel for the nation .
In addition , for small countries such as Singapore , there is no room to even construct a plant to power the country .
Nonetheless , land constraints may be resolved by situating the nuclear plant offshore , which is  listed as  one of the considerations by the government of Singapore (Li , 2008) .
With alterations to the operating temperature , pressure , waste recycling ability and power output of present nuclear reactors , the LCFR design is able to address many concerns the world has regarding the utilization of nuclear power .
In addition , with the advantages of the LCFR design heavily outweighing the possible problems it may bring , the LCFR design is arguably the most suited solution amongst the six designs to the concerns the world has towards nuclear power .
Therefore , more funding should be provided for research and development to be carried out on the LCFR design .
Sodium-cooled fast reactors
Nuclear power has always been a dilemma to humans .
As it is a very promising energy source , it is not a wonder that nuclear power is extremely enticing to mankind .
This advantage , however , comes with a price .
The danger , which nuclear power holds , is a big concern and it has held the development of nuclear technology back for decades .
The radioactive waste produced in a nuclear process is also dangerous and lasts for a very long time .
After years of development , the scientists published six generation IV reactor concepts which should solve most of today's problems in nuclear plants .
The most promising would be the sodium-cooled fast reactors (SFR) because ,  safety wise , SFR needs low pressure and temperature to operate and it does not produce hydrogen which is volatile .
For the product , only electricity is produced , making it one of the most efficient reactors .
In terms of safety , SFR is safer because of its necessary condition , like temperature and pressure , to operate and the waste it produces .
SFR operates at a temperature around 5500C which for a nuclear plant is considered a low temperature for a nuclear plant to operate .
The low temperature indicates that we do not need to manufacture a new kind of material to withstand the temperature .
; most of the concepts are operated at almost twice the temperature SFR is operating at .
SFR is also operating at a pressure around atmospheric level so it is safer because the high pressure will increase not only the stress on the walls of the plant but also the damage if an explosion happens .
Using radioactive material such as Uranium238 , plutonium and lanthanum , the SFR runs a full cycle which nearly consumes all the material to produce electricity .
This means that no radioactive waste is released  to the public and also no hydrogen is produced as a byproduct .
As no radioactive waste is thrown out , there is no danger of radioactive poisoning .
The risk of explosion is lowered because no hydrogen is produced but we still need to be cautious as we are using sodium as a coolant and sodium not only explodes if it is in contact with water but also burns if it touches air .
From all the advantages like the low pressure and temperature condition , almost no radioactive waste and no other byproduct like Hydrogen , it can be seen that SFR is the most promising and advantageous model compared to other reactor concepts and it is worth every dollar spent to pursue deeper research and development .
This model's weaknesses like the high capital cost and the danger of using sodium are actually solvable by producing a new metal that is incapable of reacting to sodium .
Nuclear energy has been a topic of discussion among the society given the memories of the partial nuclear meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania and the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , during which the reactor core exploded (Butler , 2004) .
The radioactive effects of the aftermath can still be felt even years after the accident with common side effects that include deformities in newborn babies .
The issue of safety is of utmost concern in the debate of whether nuclear reactors should even be in operation .
The world's natural resources are depleting rapidly  and there is a need to search for alternatives to meet the ever increasing energy demands of the world .
Generation IV reactors may just be the solution to meet these demands .
In addition , their new designs will address safety issues .
Two of such Generation IV reactors include the very high temperature reactor (VHTR) and the gas cooled fast reactor (GCFR) .
Both of these designs incorporate helium as a coolant and produce electricity as well as hydrogen as their energy output (Butler , 2004) .
However , the favourable VHTR has advantages in performance , safety and cost that outweigh those of the GCFR and thus should be given support for further research and development .
Firstly , the VHTR has better performance than the GCFR .
The GCFR produces less waste than the VHTR (Khalil , n .d) .
However , with less waste produced it means that the same fuel is reused several times .
As a result , the fuel loses its properties to generate energy over time .
In contrast , the VHTR uses fresh fuel each time and therefore , output efficiency remains high .
Furthermore , the VHTR has a higher operating temperature , which is essential in achieving better efficiency , as energy output is dependent on temperature (A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems , 2002) .
This will result in the VHTR producing more energy with the same amount of fuel .
Secondly , the VHTR incorporates a safety feature that is not present in the GCFR .
The GCFR operates at a much safer lower operating temperature compared to the VHTR .
In contrast , the VHTR operates at a higher operating temperature .
However , the VHTR has a temperature monitoring system that constantly monitors the temperature of the core to prevent any meltdowns from occurring , and it has a proper back up system that continues producing energy during a malfunction .
This is particularly important for a country like France where 80% of its energy depends on nuclear source (Butler , 2004) .
Moreover , with such a system , human intervention can be avoided during emergencies .
Also , we have to understand that every system is bound to fail .
Relying on visual inspection of the core will not be adequate for the GCFR to meet safety standards .
In addition , the issue of waste recycling in GCFR will pose a huge problem .
Waste recycling will produce plutonium and uranium in its pure form , which is an active ingredient used in the making of nuclear weapons (Butler , 2004) .
This problem is not present in the VHTR that stores waste instead of recycling it (Very High Temperature Reactor , n .d) .
Lastly , implementing the VHTR is more cost saving than GCFR .
The GCFR operates at a lower temperature and thus choices of materials are wider and cheaper as compared to the VHTR .
In contrast , the VHTR needs special materials to withstand high temperatures (Ghetta , 2008) .
Thus , the choices of materials are limited and expensive .
However , the VHTR in the long run will be able to balance off the high cost of materials with its high energy output .
Moreover , the VHTR can be implemented 5 years earlier (A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems , 2002) .
The cost saved can be channeled into many years of project planning and research .
In conclusion , the VHTR should receive further funding for research and development given the advantages it holds over the GCFR .
The VHTR has a better performance in terms of higher energy output , a safer design that meets safety standards and ultimately a more cost effective solution .
On July 17 , 1981 , the interconnected second level and fourth level hanging walkways in the Hyatt Regency in Kansas City collapsed , killing 114 and injuring an additional 200 more (Hotel Horror) .
The reason for this disaster boiled down to gross negligence by the project engineer for not checking with the calculations before agreeing to design changes as a result of material constraints .
The use of psychology as described by Wilpert(2008) in preventing the errors in design by the designers who are also only human involves the introduction of applied psychology as a method of curbing the potentially negative effects that may arise from the dynamics of individual and group psychology in design teams .
As described , the inputs of applied psychology can also be provided through the different organizational levels in a design team .
As such , the discussion shall pertain to the application of psychology on three of the organization levels of the architecture firm with the aim of preventing the accident .
These levels are namely:
* The designer
* The process of designing
* The organizational hierarchy of the firm
In the case of the accident at the Hyatt Regency , the introduction of a psychologist to the errant architecture design firm could have brought to light the negligent behavior of the engineer in question .
However , the identification of this particular problem through behavioral observation by a psychologist may not be a good method given that the multitudes of other problems that might occur , thus leaving much the fault-finding process to chance .
Indeed , the application of psychology in the design process should not only be in the form of adding personnel well-versed in psychology .
The implementation of safety orientated intervention practices as discussed by Geller(2001) can  help cast a wide net of control over the domains of possible human errors .
Geller's article , albeit written in the context of occupational safety , advocates the use of behavior-based safety (BBS) techniques as tools to help members of a working unit to take better control of their safety performance .
One particular way of implementation , the "Actively Caring Model" , shows promise of cultivating a work attitude of actively caring for the associated benefits of others through promoting the effects of various psychological states of mind like self-pride in ones' field of work , the effects which could have prevented this accident .
The operation hierarchy of the engineering firm is highlighted as there is only one person who is responsible for approving the designs .
Given the importance of this task and the possible stresses of the job , it can be very risky to have only have one person in charge .
The utilization of elementary psychology would have prevented this accident as these types of windows of opportunities for risk could have been easily identified and rectified if the firm employed introspective reviewing of its operation .
A significant portion of the systems which have failed did so because of human errors of design .
The increasing size and complexity of modern systems means that there are more opportunities for human errors to creep in .
The resulting system is then too complex for efficient fault-finding for safety insurance .
Therefore it is necessary to apply the studies of human psyche to the design of systems so as to prevent the loss of human life by such errors .
Since the beginning of the 20th century , a number of major engineering accidents have occurred with increasing complexity of large engineering projects .
It is important to study these cases and analyze the causes in order to prevent potential accidents .
This essay will bring one particular accident , the Eschede train disaster , back to the table .
The ICE train accident in Eschede happed in June 1998 .
It causes 101 death and 88 injured , which made it the worst accident in the history of Germany (BBC News , 1998) .
The main factors that lead to the disaster include the failure in wheel and train track design , as well as an inefficient feedback system .
This essay will present that the use of psychology during the design process will improve product safety and it may help prevent the Eschede train disaster .
First of all , if psychology approaches were introduced in the design process , product safety could be better guaranteed .
It is very often that managers of large projects tend to believe that engineers would never make mistakes .
However , the fact is human errors widely exist in engineering designs process , which may result in the failure of product functions (Wilbert , 2007) .
In thhappened of Eschede train causeder , tdeathswly d injured 88gh-speed wheels were used for operation without physically tested ( HYPERLINK "http://www .ndt .net/index .html" NDTnet , 2000) .
A single fatigue crack later contributed the most to the train accident .
It reveals the fact that engineers spropose neglect certain steps of design process .
If the wheels were tested and improved before pmight have helpedservice , the accident would likely to be prevented .
Therefore , a human scientist is in need to analyze the design process and ensure every step is completed before the product is commissioned .
In addition , human scientist will focus on factors that are closely related to the design , such as the environment in which the product will be implemented .
Companies hire engineers to design certain product and they expect them to consider every detail related commonly design .
But in reality , engineers often focus on the product itself while ignoring the environment .
In the case of high-speed train , the track is important to analyze .
The limit of the track , upon which the Iwithout being physically tested was exceeded by the train's maximum speed .
Besides , when travelling from high to low speed track , the train passes through a switch points which caused one carriage to stray from the straight-line .
It is analyzed by scientist that it is likely that the traibefore they were put vtossed safely under the bwould have likely been  was plain (ICE High Speed Train Disaster , n .d .) .
Suppose a human scientist was present during the design process , he probably would remind the engineers to consider the track and the accident would be prevented .
would have beenwould have remindedhad beenFurthermore , psychologist can help analyze and improve the operating system and company policy of large engineering projects .
Just before the Eschede train disaster occurred , valuable time wasa certain product efficient feedback system .
The train staffs did not stop and exam the problem when a passenger reported strange noise and a large piece of metal coming up through the floor .
Engineers and project manager may not be experts in designing operation rules .
A human scientist can assist them and improve the system .
If the "stop and examine" rule was suggested before the accident for dealing with danger signals , the disaser will be prevented (Single Line Tablet Instruments , n .d .) .
could have beenhad beenTo conclude , psychologistslogy approaches during design process will help improve product safety as well as the efficiency of operating systems .
Human scientists are able to analyze each step of the process and remind engineers the important fac staffhat they ignore .
Mexaminemajor accidents might be prevented if psychology is involved .
Therefore , it is vital to introduce psychology into engineering design process .
It has been argued for a long time whether the use of  nuclear power should be encouraged or opposed .
In recent years , scientists have developed a new concept of nuclear energyGeneration IV reactors .
Generation IV reactors have features such as high operation temperature , simplified safety measures , and proliferation-resistance (Butler , 2004) .
One type of Generation IV reactors would be the very-high-temperature reactor (VHTR) .
Many people think that there should not be any more funding for the research and development of VHTR because of its high cost , low reliability , as well as its potential threats .
However , by considering the tremendous benefits it will bring , funding for further research and development of this reactor should still be encouraged .
One reason that causes the public to disapprove of the idea of providing funds for the research and development of VHTR is the high expenses on it which most believe that many countries cannot afford .
In fact , even a prototype of VHTR will cost US$1 billion to build (Butler , 2004) .
However , despite the actual construction cost in building the reactors , VHTR would be economically beneficial because of its high efficiency in electricity and hydrogen production .
It has been proven that the amount of electricity produced by VHTR will be 50% more than that produced by the older nuclear reactors (Butler , 2004) .
In fact , many of the developed countries such as the US and Europe have already started the research and development of VHTR and plan to finish it by 2021 (Kirk , 2006) .
Therefore , if we consider the future benefits that VHTR will bring , the funding would be trivial .
Besides cost , some people also believe that VHTR is unreliable compared to the conventional sources of energy .
The construction of VHTR is to totally replace the conventional sources of energy in order to benefit the human population .
However , its high operating temperature of above 1000 C presents significant challenges in terms of fuel and material development (Gen-4 , 2008) .
It was also believed that in order to replace the conventional sources of energy , we have to build many huge reactors which would occupy a large area , making the problem of land shortage even worse (Butler , 2004) .
However , many of these problems have been solved by scientists and researchers in recent years .
Moreover , the new nuclear reactor is able to save our environment by emitting much less waste gases than that produced by burning fossil fuels .
Therefore , we should provide funding for the research and development of VHTR .
Lastly , despite all the safety measures implemented , it is still believed that the nuclear reactors are potentially dangerous .
It is doubtless to say that there is a possibility that radioactive leak will occur .
However , the VHTR has been developed into such a stage that in an event of accident , the reactor  is able to shutdown itself without human intervention (Miyamoto , 2005) .
This will greatly reduce the possibility of a radioactive leak and make the nuclear reactors safer than ever .
Another problem may be dumping the nuclear waste which , if not carefully considered , may cause serious consequences (Madan , 2008) .
However , VHTR has its unique design which makes the disposal of nuclear wastes convenient and safe .
It has a corrosion-resistant repository which collects all the nuclear wastes before they start decay (Butler , 2004) .
On the whole , the VHTR has shown great potential in becoming the future source of energy .
It is not only more efficient in generating energy , but also more environmentally friendly than those conventional sources of energy .
Therefore , despite the current challenges for this new energy source , the society should provide funding for the research and development of VHTR .
"Robotic surgery is a technique in which a surgeon performs surgery using a computer that remotely controls very small instruments attached to a robot" , according to Robot (2009) .
In fact , robotic surgery has a history of about 75 years , however; it is only during the last 5 years that it was gradually recognized by the medical community .
Because this technology appears to be quite controversial regarding the cost , time required and safety .
Opponents of this technology argue that since this technology is still not mature enough , the cost for the surgery is high , the time required for the surgery is longer than traditional surgery , and there are many variables that will affect the safety of the patients .
However , the opponents failed to consider the advantages of this technology compared to traditional surgery; and for some of the problems of this technology , solutions are available .
The time required to perform this surgery is twice longer than traditional surgery (Alan ,2009) .
As a result , patients may have higher risk of encountering danger during the surgery .
According to the data collected by David and SamadiRobot Oncology , 2009 , robotic surgery is not the longest surgery , and it is about less than 20 minutes longer than the open surgery .
(David&Samandi , 2009) .
Usually the surgery will performed with back up treatment .
Furthermore , with the development of the technology and more experienced surgeons , the time will become shorter .
smallerlossAlthough this nascent technologlarges its disadvantages regarding cost , time and safety , both technological and non-technological solutions are almost possible to overcome those problems .
Researches in this field , increasing training of surgeons , and improvements of other significant issues are conducted to achieve better acceptance of this technology .
Given more time , this technology will prove its efficiency by giving us situationethat happensresults and evidence-based outcomes .
Hopefully , robotic surgery will possibly improve our surgical practice and bring high quality of surgical care to patients .
While the demand of energy is constantly increasing , earth is running low in coal , oil , and gas supply .
Based on 2003 rates of production of fossil fuels , the global oil , gas , and coal reserves were predicted to be exhausted in the next 41 , 67 .1 , and 192 years respectively (Lincoln , 2005 , p . 622) .
Due to the scarcity of fossil fuels , nuclear power made its way back onto the table .
The concept of Generation IV reactors was introduced and  several countries in the Generation IV International Forum (GIF) were in favor of the Very High Temperature Reactors (VHTR) .
However , safety , cost , and performance are the three main reasons for opposition to the VHTR .
Even with these three reasons , there is still a need to do further research and development funding for it .
Opponents of VHTR claim that production of nuclear energy is expensive .
Special materials are required to build a nuclear reactor .
The construction costs for VHTR will be significantly higher compared to other power plants .
However , the construction cost of the nuclear reactor is a fixed cost and the nuclear power plant will be operating for a long period of time .
Eventually , in the long-run , the fixed cost would be minimal .
According to The Economics of Nuclear Power (2009) , uranium has the tendency to yield about 20 ,000 times as much energy as the same amount of coal .
The cost of uranium is also much lower compared to oil , gas and coal .
In addition , if the coal-fired power plants were to pay a carbon tax-a tax based on the carbon they release into the atmosphere , then the energy generated by VHTR would be much cheaper .
Another reason for opposition is the danger of the operation of nuclear reactors .
Haunted by the memories of the catastrophe at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania and Chernobyl in Ukraine , the public requires some convincing (Butler , 2004 , p . 238) .
One of the main safety principles for Generation IV reactors is the concept of defence in depth .
This concept involves several "overlapping layers of safety and multiple barriers , such that if one safety provision should fail , another will be available to prevent unacceptable damage from occurring" (The Risk and Safety Working Group Of the Generation IV international Forum , 2008) .
Hence , with multiple layers of safety measures , operation of VHTR would not pose any threat to the public .
The final argument  by opponents is availability of the coolant of VHTR .
VHTR uses helium as a coolant which is extracted from natural gas reserves .
Given the fact that natural gas reserves are depleting , the same applies to helium as well .
Hence , VHTR will not be able to function in the absence of helium .
The characteristic of helium as an inert gas had made helium recyclable (Bowe , 2004) .
Furthermore , having helium exposed to radiation in the nuclear reactor does not turn helium into a radioactive compound .
VHTR could recycle their coolants and requires minimal addition of helium from time to time .
In a nutshell , the opponent's reasons are debatable .
Energy generated by VHTR is abundant , inexpensive , safe and reliable .
Nuclear energy will do more good than harm to  mankind .
Therefore , further research and development funding for the very-high-temperature reactors should be supported not only by GIF but also other countries as well .
1 .
Lincoln , Stephen F . (2005 , Dec) .
Fossil Fuels in the 21st Century .
Ambio , Vol .
34 , 621-627 .
2 .
World Nuclear Association .
(2009) .
The Economics of Nuclear Power .
Retrieved October 15 , 2009 from http://www .world- nuclear .org/info/inf02 .html
3 .
Butler .
D (2004 , May 20) .
Nuclear power's new dawn .
Nature , 429 , 238- 240 .
4 .
The Risk and Safety Working Group Of the Generation IV international Forum .
(2008) .
Basis for the Safety Approach for Design & Assessment of Generation IV Nuclear Systems .
5 .
Bowe .
Donald J .
(2004 , Sept) .
Helium Recovery and Recycling Makes Good Business Sence .
Retrieved October 15 , 2009 from http://www .airproducts .com/NR/rdonlyres/F9D0CAA5-2A67-413B-A71F- 54C72CD46E67/0/IHHeRecoveryArticlefinal .pdf
The first nuclear power plant provided electricity to the power grid in the 1950s .
What separates the first nuclear plant from the recent one is the reactor , which has undergone a series of advancements .
The reactor has evolved from Generation I to Generation III over the past five decades with Generation IV being the next prototype .
However , the one reason why few nuclear reactors have been built over the years is public opposition .
(Butler , 2004 , pp .
238-240) Despite the public claiming that nuclear energy is dangerous , an expensive form of energy or of poor performance , the use of molten salt reactor can address their concerns with new designs of the reactor and a cheaper , cleaner and sustainable form of energy .
Thesis statement
The major reactor meltdown happened in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania and in 1986 at Chernobyl , Ukraine .
Close to a hundred people died and a few thousand people developed cancer over the decades due to exposure to radiation from the reactor meltdown  .
(Bock , Hofmann , Hoffmann , & Logan , 2005) In the new reactor the radioactive materials are contained within the chamber and if there is a reactor meltdown , the release of large amount of radiation can be prevented .
Most of the public has the misconception that nuclear energy is expensive , therefore  opposing it .
However , it is easy to conclude without substantiating with a proper cost analysis .
The cost of building a nuclear plant is admittedly more that for than other kinds of power plants but the consideration should be based on performance and cost per unit energy .
According to statistics from the Nuclear Energy Institute , nuclear power plants have achieved increasingly higher capacity factors with the same or greater levels of safety over the past two decades .
In the United States , for example , the average capacity factor for nuclear plants in operation in 1980 was 56 .3 percent .
By 1990 , it had risen to 66 percent , and in 2007 to 91 .8 percent .
(Eerkens , 2006 , pp .
19-29)
Some opponents of nuclear energy argue that coal reserves can last another 120 years and funds should be spent on researching technology for coal .
However , this is based on the assumption that coal is used solely for producing electricity .
In fact , coal is an alternative raw material to manufacture plastics in place of oil which will be depleted in 40 years , meaning that coal will last much less than the alleged 120 years .
Unlike coal , nuclear energy uses the fission of atoms to generate electricity .
There are many types of elements and their isotopes available for fission like Thorium , Uranium-235 and Uranium-238 , and reprocessing is possible , resulting in at least a thousand more years for nuclear energy .
The burning of coal also produces carbon dioxide and other air pollutants , contributing to the global warming .
(Eerkens , 2006 , pp .
19-29) Thus , nuclear energy could be a long term solution and it does not contribute to global warming .
It is evident that the claims from the oppositions of nuclear energy are flawed .
In spite of them claiming that nuclear energy is unsafe , costly and of low output , there is research and data to show otherwise with Generation IV reactors .
In conclusion , it could be a wise decision for the public to evaluate nuclear energy as a form of energy and eventually , support further research and development funding for it .
Nuclear reactors are often believed to be accompanied with the danger of leak and explosion .
However , few people know that the Generation IV Reactors , which will be put into use in about 10 to 20 years' time , will produce energy that can be "safe , abundant , reliable , inexpensive and proliferation resistant ,"  just like what Spencer Abraham , one of the US energy secretaries , said at the 2002 gathering of GIF (Generation IV International Forum) representatives .
The VHTR (very-high-temperature reactor) is one of these reactors .
It can produce heat and hydrogen simultaneously with an outlet temperature as high as 1000 C . Although there are still many peopleconcernedg about the safety andeconomicy factors , the VHTR is indeed one of the most advanced and valuabledesignsn in the world and deserves further research and development funding for it .
Even among all the Generation IV Reactors , the VHTR has the highest operating temperature .
The higher the temperature is the higher heat resisting level the materials must achieve .
So some people worry that the existing materials can not meet the needs  .
And in case of accident , the very severe reaction may be difficult to control .
In fact , the VHTR uses Helium as the coolant and graphite as the material of the core .
Helium is a kind of inert gas and will seldom react even in the very high temperature .
Numerous tests and calculations have shown that it is nearly impossible to burn high-purity , nuclear-grade graphite , since graphite could be heated to more than 1650  C without incurring ignition or self-sustained combustion .
Therefore ,underge normalcircumstancese , there will be no problem for the materials to stand therequiredg high temperature .
Moreover , the reactor adapts the self-regulating system .
If there is some trouble , the reaction will automatically stop and the temperature will gradually cool down to avoid dangers .
6 .
Butler , D . (2004 , May 20) .
Nuclear power's new dawn .
Nature , 429 , 238-240
The earliest VHTR will not appear on the earth until 2020 while the research has been ongoing since 1990s  with a total research funding of more than 1 .6 billion dollars .
Opponents may argue that it will cost too much to put the design into use .
It is true that the early investment of VHTR is much higher than the existing normal nuclear reactor or others; however , the VHTR could produce 50% more electricity from the same amount of fuel compared with other conventional plants , and its deign life is as long as 60 years compared with 40 years of the normal nuclear reactors .
Besides , the VHTR can gain hydrogen through regular running , which could be converted into electricity for cars and homes .
In other words , the by products are worth a great deal of money .
So , it is easy to find that after a long period  of running , the total cost of VHTR will not exceed that of other existing reactors any more .
In conclusion , the VHTR has its own safety features , such as very high system temperature , enhanced reliability , low system pressure and so on .
The early research and development cost might be high but in the long run there seems no obvious difference .
So it is worth developing and investing .
Reference
1 .
A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems (US DOE NERAC/GIF ,Washington DC , 2002) online at http://gif .inel .gov/roadmap/pdfs/gen_iv_roadmap .pdf
2 . International Energy Outlook 2004 (US DOE ,Washington DC , 2004) online at http://eee .eia .doe .gov/oiaf/ieo
3 .
Grant , P . M . Nature 424 , 129130 (2003) .
4 .
The Future of Nuclear Power (MIT , Cambridge , MA , 2003) .
5 .
Nature 427 , 661 (2004)
The two general IV nuclear reactors that we will be discussing are very high temperature reactor (VHTR) and gas cooled fast reactor (GCFR) .
I personally feel that VHTR deserves more funding and research than GCFR in terms of performance , safety and cost .
The similarities between these two reactors are that both  use helium as a coolant , do not need working at high pressure and produce the same output of hydrogen and electricity .
(Butler 2004) .
We will be considering which reactor should have more emphasis to have further research and development funding for it .
In terms of performance , Gas cooled fast reactors are dependent on VHTR in terms of modification in design and characteristic , minimizing the effort required for GCFR .
(www .nextgenerationnuclearplant .com) .
The waste material produced by GCFR is being recycled .
As a result , there is a decrease in efficiency as it is being used many times and loses its capability to generate the same amount of energy .
(http://www .neutron .kth .se/courses/GenIV/GenIVreactors .pdf) .
In addition , according to theory , we know that output efficiency is dependent on temperature .
So a higher operating temperature of VHTR would allow for more electricity to be produced  compared to gas cooled reactors .
Besides that , the waste material being produced by gas cooled fast reactors is pure plutonium and this material is mainly used for weapon production .
This is dangerous if it goes out of hand .
In terms of safety or security , there is a temperature monitoring system in VHTR to ensure safety .
It monitors the reactors to avoid any meltdown .
Such system does not exist in gas cooled reactors that operate at lower temperature .
(http://www .cogeneration .net/very_high_temperature_Reactor .htm) .
VHTR has a better back-up system .
In the event of sudden shutdown due to malfunction , VHTR can still produce energy .
(http://www .anl .gov/PCS/acsfuel) .
It is especially useful for countries like France , where 80% of the electricity generated is dependent on nuclear energy .
(Butler 2004) .
For GCFR , there is a presence of safe accommodation of low thermal inertia and poor heat transfer properties of the coolant .
In VHTR , waste is not recycled but instead stored away .
In terms of cost , VHTR can be  implemented five years earlier than the gas cooled fast reactors .
As a result , this can save money for many years of project planning and research .
(Butler 2004)Currently , there are no operators for the GCFR in the  market .
Money will need to be invested in the training of operators for this new type of generation IV reactors .
(www .ostigov/bridge/servlets/pur/840501-9gpzj3/nature840501 .pdf(3 and 4) .
In conclusion , I personally feel that VHTR does deserve more research and funding in it than gas cooled fast reactors .
This is because it is better in terms of performance , cost and safety .
The incoming shortage of energy and nature fuels is enhancing the price of electricity in China , India and other developing countries .
At the meanwhile , the globle warming and other environmental concerns are pushing the entire world to some more powerful , sustainable and clean solutions for future energy .
Our future method should also be safty , economic , efficient and flexble for applications .
In order to satisfy all the requirements , nuclear power is the one with a high chance among the realistic alternatives .
Nevertheless , the current common nuclear power reactant (generation |||) is not ideal due to its high cost and security considerations .
Therefore , we need some other nuclear solutions for future reactants , the molten salt reactor , is one of the most promising .
worksFor the consideration of Economic motivation , the Oak Ridsafetytional Laboratory (ORNL) has made capital and operating cost estimates based on detailed conceptual studies of various MSRs .
The result showed that the capital of MSR(20% enriched) is 20 .1 $/MWh and the total cost is 38 .4$/MWh .
Compared with 15 .8$/MWh and 41 .9$/MWh of normal coal reactants the MSR is actually 7%anlower than the pressurized water reactant(PWR) and 8% lower than coal , which gave an encouraging result .
(R .W .
Moir  ,2007)Nevertheless , the capital cost of MSR is relatively much higher than common reactors , which may be the overwhemling limitation for developing countries .
Finally , since MSR use redioactive materials , it is necessary to concern about waste transmutation and nuclear proliferation .
Concluding from the study of Bj rn Becker , Massimiliano Fratoni and Ehud Greenspan , "the MSR core using LiF (15 mol%) , NaF (58 mol%) and BeF2 (27 mol%) salt without graphite offers the best neutron balance , most compact design and alleviated graphite lifetime problem ."
([pic]Becker , B . ,2008)and the critical MSR also provides a very high transmutation capability "fissioning of over 99% of the TRU fed , accounting for loss of actinides in the process of soluble FP extraction from the MS . " Moreover , the Thorium's fuel cycle in MSR resists proliferation .
The Th230 produced will contaminate the Th232 breeding material and is inseparable from it .
When Th230 decays , it emmits strong gamma-ray ,which would harm the electrons needed to process the chain reaction of U232 .
Besides , the consentration of Th232 is only 9% , which is far away from the concentrition of building weapons .
To sum up , MSR is qualified as a future nuclear reactant .
Therefore it worth more research on its development .
People hardly link engineering problems with psychology since the previous one belongs to pure technology problems while the later one is a branch of social science .
However , as time comes along , psychology is gradually applied in various fields , including law , medicine , architecture , design and so on .
People start to consider whether psychology can be applied to the field of engineering , so does Wilpert Bernhard , an expert from Institute of Psychology and Ergonomics , Technical University of Berlin .
Wilpert(2004) .
He pointed out that psychology is crucial to engineering process , especially to highly complex socio-technical systems with high risks , since the application of psychology can reduce the risk and prevent accidents from happening .
I agree with his point that psychology works well in mitigating accidents .
First of all , occupational mistakes is the main reason of triggering accidents as well as in mitigating consequences , so appllatterpsychology can help people make less mistakeswith timents from happening .
On 20 , April , 2004 , the Nicoll Highway collapsed when a tunnel was being constructed for use by MRT , which killed four people and injured three .
It was one of the largest failures of a civil engineering project under construction in about 50 years (Whittle , 2008) .
The main fault is the original design misinterpreted the local geology and overestimated the soil shear strength , which results in the falling down of the whole structure (Levey , 2008) .
People who oppose applying psychology may argue that this accident is due to technical problems , having nothing to do with psychology .
However , the misinterpretation of local earth is a typical incident of occupational hazards which is at the center of psychological attention .
Psychology help engineers find the root of the problems instead of staying on the surface of the problems .
Applying psychology , engineers can analyze the reason from a more objective and more scientific angel .
After a complete analysis and a better understanding of mistakes , the possibilities of making mistakes can be reduced , thus can prevent accidents from happening .
Secondly , the ineffective communication and misunderstanding between departments , between sponsors and contractors also lead to engineering accidents .
Applying psychology can tackle this problem .
Another error of Nicoll Highway collapse is made in detailing the structural connections for the structural bracing system .
When one bracing was overloaded , there was inadequate capacity to redistribute the loads among the remaining supporters .
Apart from this , the loads of the strut used were smaller than expected .
The previous two errors directly resulted in the catastrophic failure of this project .
People may argue that these two errors are design errors , irrelevant to psychology .
However , analyzing the source of the errors , it is not hard to find that the poor communication and cooperation between different departments are liable for this accident .
If the designers and material scientists communicate frequently , they may find the flaws in the bracing system .
If the quality inspector is aware of his liability , he may be more careful when he or she is testing the strength of strut .
To be concise , as a whole integrity which is accountable for a project , each department should be aware of the importance of their work , the effective communication and cooperation between each other .
With psychology , the engineers will become aware of this and probably the accident will not happen .
Lastly , no technology can bloom without considering social factors , such as economy , marketing and so on .
A third reason of Nicoll Highway collapse is due to the poor quality of the supporting material and equipment .
Wilpert (2004) pointed out that the final objective of a project is to meet user expectation and social need .
Contractors only focus on profit and omit the most important thing that user and society expect- the safety of a product or a project .
People may hold the opinion that even with psychology , the fact of better quality and less profit can not be changed , so psychology is not useful in this case .
Nevertheless , with psychology applying in this project , every social factor will be considered and balanced , which means creating the best quality at the lowest cost instead of lowering the quality to make more profit .
In this sense , psychology can help engineers make better quality product and earn more profit , which indirectly mitigates the possibility of accidents .
To sum up , psychology should be applied in the field of engineering because psychology can help engineers find the root of mistakes , help engineers to communicate effectively and cooperate smoothly with other and finally help engineers to develop the products which will meet social need .
To conclude , applying psychology in engineering process can prevent accidents from happening .
Refrence:
Wilpert , B .
(2007) .
Psychology and Design Process .
Safety Science .
45 ,293- 303 .
Levey , D . (2008) .
IAP class probes Singapore highway collapse .
MIT news .
Retrieved Oct 10th , 2009 , From http://web .mit .edu/newsoffice/2008/collapse-highway-0201 .html
People nowadays have fierce controversy over the use of nuclear power due to the appalling nuclear accidents happened at Three Mile island and Chernobyl , or even the recent nuclear accident at Sellafield , England .
These accidents destroy cities , take people's lives and leave many deadly post-effects in the future decades .
Then , why do people continue using nuclear power ?
In fact , nuclear power is the cheapest power people can produce (The Virtual Nuclear Tourist , 2006) .
Therefore , facing this benefit , safety becomes the main concern when people choose to continue using nuclear power .
A series of generation IV nuclear reactors are newly designed for better efficiency , in the meantime , they are also improved on safety issues .
Among all the reactors , supercritical water reactor (SCWR) is outstanding for its high thermal efficiency and also better reliability .
However , opponents argue that SCWR is not reliable since it has no prototype .
Moreover , SCWR is operating under very high temperature and pressure , which makes SCWR less likely to be further developed .
Even though SCWR has not been tested yet , it is proved to have less possibility to cause nuclear accidents that happened before; it is easier to implement compared to other generation VI reactors , and it has a relatively high thermal efficiency which makes its long-term cost relatively low .
as hasof causingFirstly , opponents may doubt the safety and reliability of SCWR .
This doubt arises from the lack of knowledgewhich occurreddesign of this reactor .
The nuclear accident happened at Chernobyl was mainly because the nuclear plant utilized positive void coefficient of reactivity , causing it impossible to stop forrking process when things went wrong .
(Bodansky , 2004) On the contrary , SCWR uses negative void coefficient instead , which could effectively reduce the possibility of this kind ofS DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee & the Generation IV International Forum , 2002) .
Finally , SCWR has a higher thermal efficiency of 44% compared to LWR of 33-35% (Baindur , 2008) .
However , opponents may point out that this high thermal efficiency is achieved at the expense of operating under very high temperature and pressure , which could increase its potential danger .
This concern is necessary but SCWR has overcome this issue .
The coolant in the SCWR system is supercritical water , which has very high specific heat , so that in very effective acting as a coolant .
Besides , this system is simple to construct and control since only one phase of coolant is present throughout the process (Generation IV International Forum , n .d .) .
Therefore , the safety issue concerning high temperature and pressure is overcome to some extent .
To sum up , although there exists disagreement of the use of SCWR due to its issue of reliability and safety , SCWR is worthy for further research because it bases on two current technologies , which increases its reliability , and its design principle improves its thermal efficiency compared to LWR and reduce the possibility of causing nuclear accidents .
Hopefully , SCWR could be better improved on current problems in the future development .
Given the memories of the two accidents which happened in 1979 at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania and in 1986 at Chernobyl of Ukraine , some people may still have not recovered from the great horror when they hear nuclear power .
However , instead of nuclear power , the fossil fuels people have been using are bringing various challenges to human beings .
On the one hand , people are facing the challenge of energy shortage because fossil fuels are nonrenewable .
On the other hand , burning fossil fuels produces the "green gases" such as carbon dioxide that have resulted in serious problems like global warming .
Therefore , some high-efficient , sufficient and environment-friendly energy is urged .
And because of high-efficiency and cleanliness , nuclear power is coming back into human consideration .
Recently , the generation IV International Forum (GIF) came up with six generation IV reactor concepts .
Among the six reactors , the Very-high-temperature reactor (VHTR) stands out and may probably be the first choice as future fuel although some people may worry about its safety and cost .
Opponents may claim that the safety of VHTR cannot be controlled , which allows potential accidents .
However , VHTR is much safer compared to the past nuclear reactors .
First of all , instead of using water as coolant , VHTR uses helium gas .
Hence there is no need to be concerned about the safety of the reactor coolant .
The advantage of using helium as the nuclear reactor coolant is that helium is an inert gas which is single phase , and it will not chemically react with any material (International Atomic Energy Agency , 1997) .
In addition , exposing helium to radiation does not make it radioactive , which is quite different from most of the other possible coolants (Youchison et al . , 1987) .
Secondly , for the material of VHTR , the ongoing 30-MWth HTTR project in Japan is intended to demonstrate the feasibility of reaching outlet the temperature up to 950 C coupled to a heat utilization process .
Thirdly , there are two unique designs of VHTR , which enhances the safety .
One is that the reactor and the gas turbine system are separated fromthe hydrogenn production plant , which is aimedatoisolatinge the hydrogen plant fromthe reactorr system during the abnormal events ofthe hydrogenn production plant .
The other design is that there are three control valves to mitigate the thermal variation of helium gas , which can automatically control the power generation rate when some abnormal events occur in the IS process such as process pump trip (Japan Atomic Energy Agency , 2007) .
In this case , the number of the accidents caused by human factors would be decreased .
Opponents may also argue that VHTR will cost a lot .
It is a fact that the cost for VHTR is high .
But among the 6 generation IV reactors , the cost of the VHTR is the second lowest , which is about $670 million .
Except the Sodium-cooled fast reactor (SFR) whose cost is $610 million , the cost of the other 4 reactors ranges from $870 to $1000 million .
However , the VHTR can generate electricity with high efficiency , which is over 50% at 1000 C , whereas , normally other reactors only have an efficiency of 33%-50% (The U .S . DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee and the Generation IV international Forum , 2002) .
Moreover , VHTR produces hydrogen for vehicles' fuel .
And the US Department of Energy (USDE) has claimed "Without a switch to hydrogen , the energy demand from US transport alone will cause the nation's oil imports to soar by 78% by 2025" .
Thus , USDE has made the VHTR its first choice (US Department of Environment , 2004) .
To conclude , it should be evident that the arguments against the safety and cost of VHTR are invalid .
Since VHTR uses helium as a coolant , the research of the materials for VHTR is also ongoing , and also there are unique designs for VHTR , the safety of VHTR would be enhanced a lot .
Besides , compared with other generation IV reactors , VHTR costs less .
Furthermore , VHTR produces hydrogen as future fuel , which is environmentally-friendly and can effectively solve the energy shortage as well .
Therefore , VHTR is a promising and practical form of power .
According to recent findings , the current fossil fuel reserves are expected to be depleted in less than 40 years (Richard Black , BBC , 2009) and at the same time our energy consumption is increasing exponentially .
So , does mankind have a solution ?
Actually , we do and the answer is non-conventional sources of energy like Wind , Geothermal , Hydroelectric , Solar energy and the most promising one being Nuclear Energy .
The current generation of nuclear reactors look very promising , though not all of them seem to address the problems of safety , cost and performance .
However , one particular reactor seems to address all these problems , the VHTR (Very High Temperature Reactor) .
Firstly , the VHTR has a core outlet temperature of about 1000 degrees Celsius this high temperature increases the efficiency of reactor and also enables us to use it for applications such as hydrogen production (VHTR , Generation IV technology forum) .
The hydrogen produced can be used in automobiles , which in turn help decrease the carbon emissions by 30% when compared to modern day diesel engines (Jack Ewing , Business Week , September 2009) .
Although some people have raised the argument that current generation materials which are used to build nuclear reactors cannot withstand such high temperatures , it is now safe to say that an ideal candidate for the material has been found .
The material is moulded and extruded fine grained isotropic graphite which can be used for both core and support applications .
This is the same material which is being used in the Japanese , South African and Chinese high temperature test reactors (Bill Corwin , US Department of Energy , 2003) and has proven to be very successful .
Lastly , most of the technology involved in the VHTR is already in its development phase and the reactor can be shelled out as early as 2020 Butler , Nuclear Power's New Dawn , 2004) .
This is a deciding factor as the current reserves of fossil fuels won't last long and the sooner we make nuclear power the mainstream source of energy , the better it would be for us and Mother Nature .
Although people might suggest the use of Carbon Capture and Storage in the existiKadak .C .Andrew)missions to a great extent , it should be pointed out that this is merely a solution to delay the problem that we would eventually face .
In summary , it can be concluded that nuclear power is the answer to the current energy crisis and the VHTR is an ideal candidate because it (Butlerlyectric energy efficiently but also provides hydrogen which can help decrease CO2 emissions .
It is also much safer than the current generation reactors and has been well designed to counter any possible error that might occur due to human or technological factors .
Clearly , the reactor is the future of nuclear power generation .
There was a train disaster which occurred on the 3rd of June 1998 near a small town in Lower Saxony , Germany .
No one would have thought it would happen .
Such a super fast , state-of-the-art Inter Express trains of German Railways rolled out of the tracks and split in two , due to a bridge falling onto the train .
It resulted in 101 dying and 88 being injured .
Although there were many causes to be pointed out for this train accident , I think the biggest cause is that no one was aware of the importance of the use of psychology during the design process .
It was reported that the direct cause was a wheel with a composite construction which is relatively common on light railway transit vehicles , but are unique to ICE 884 in high speed trains which replaced the original wheel .
Furthermore , those replaced wheels just were inspected regularly .
However , it has still carried out some of discussion about the difficulties of such inspections and the frequency with which they take place to be used to debate with the method .
It cannot be denied that this is a human mistake which can be avoided by applying  psychology .
Psychology can make engineers aware that they are not only  normal persons , but are also professionals .
Their professional specialty can change other people's life , even save a life .
If they understand that , I believe that the engineers would not have used those composite construction wheels and used wheels which had not been checked properly and approved  .
WebThing .
(1998) , Danger Ahead .
Retrieved January 21 , 1998 , from {http://danger-ahead .railfan .net/features/icedetail/bridge2 .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://danger-ahead .railfan .net/features/icedetail/bridge2 .htm]
WebThing .
(1998) , Danger Ahead .
Retrieved January 21 , 1998 , from {http://danger-ahead .railfan .net/features/icedetail/ice_car3 .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://danger-ahead .railfan .net/features/icedetail/ice_car3 .htm]
Caroline , W . (1998) .
World: Europe Kohl sees scene of carnage .
Retrieved June 4 , 1998 , from {http://news .bbc .co .uk/2/hi/europe/106410 .stm}[HYPERLINK: http://news .bbc .co .uk/2/hi/europe/106410 .stm]
Andrew , D . (1998) .
World: Europe ' Everybody closed their eyes in disbelief' .
Retrieved June 4 , 1998 , from {http://news .bbc .co .uk/2/hi/europe/106235 .stm}[HYPERLINK: http://news .bbc .co .uk/2/hi/europe/106235 .stm]
Observing the pictures which recorded the scene of accident , there was at least one  car was detached from its underframe .
It showed another construction problem of the train - the car's ability to contain its occupants was severely compromised .
It was reported that the construction of ICE did not follow traditional practice .
The floor forms parts of the underframe were welded onto the body .
In order to pursue the high-speed , the bodies were made from aluminum extrusions instead of steel to achieve light weight .
However , the heat-treated method for achieving light weight affected and reduced the tensile strength at the site of the weld .
If designers considered more about that for the high-speed trains must take into account the forces to be absorbed in the event of the vehicle being in a collision , there would not be so many people who were thrown through the air 
After the accident , there were other causes to be found to result this disaster .
Indeed , all the causes can be reduced , even avoided , as long as consider the use of the psychology during the design process .
It was known that the track which ICE 884 was travelling was not a dedicated high-speed line .
It was shared with other slower services .
Although it has been upgraded for high-speed trains , it still less than the ICE's maximum service speed .
If government can understand that although the tracks were upgraded to try to match the ICE's maximum speed as much as possible , there is the fact that the maximum speed exists; I think government would plan to construct a new line for ICE 884 instead of upgrading the tracks .
To sum up , any design process  can minimize a probability of danger , even can be avoided by applying psychology .
Because all design processes are to fulfill needs of human; and all products are produced by humans .
Therefore , anything as long as it is people-oriented will get the biggest benefits .
Of course ,  avoiding an accident  is the biggest benefit to people .
Reference:
WebThing .
(1998) , Danger Ahead .
Retrieved January 21 , 1998 , from {http://danger-ahead .railfan .net/features/eschede .htm#disaster}[HYPERLINK: http://danger-ahead .railfan .net/features/eschede .htm#disaster]
WebThing .
(1998) , Danger Ahead .
Retrieved January 21 , 1998 , from {http://danger-ahead .railfan .net/features/icedetail/wheel2 .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://danger-ahead .railfan .net/features/icedetail/wheel2 .htm]
WebThing .
(1998) , Danger Ahead .
Retrieved January 21 , 1998 , from {http://danger-ahead .railfan .net/features/icedetail/track2 .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://danger-ahead .railfan .net/features/icedetail/track2 .htm]
Introduction
The Chernobyl accident that happened on 26 April 1986 , has led everyone to realize the damages and consequences that we might face when we built a nuclear power plant .
[Greenpeace International , 2009] Nonetheless , the Chernobyl accident was an outcome due to an old technology and poor management in the past .
In the next 50 years , demand for energy would definitely double with rapidly growing technology and production [Michelangelo Network , 2008] .
In conclusion , although the there are several advantages of the VHTR but however there are factors that makes it difficult to implement as it is more expensive and limited by choices of construction materials as compared with the GCFR .
I would give my fullest support for the concept of GCFR among the six concepts proposed in the Generation IV International forum .
Nonetheless , the decision to implement the reactors still falls in the hands of the countries that are highly interested as budget for every country is different .
[Cogeneration TechnologiesTM  , 2002]
With present day technologies , the Generation IV International Forum has proposed six new and advance nuclear reactors .
The six nuclear reabuild are not only sustainable and economically viable solutions; they are also safe and reliable source of energy .
Among the six concepts of nuclear reactors , the Very High Temperature Reactor , (VHTR) and the Gas Cooled Fast Reactor , (GCFR) are quite similar , but has more benefits than VHTR in terms of performance , sustainability and cost .
the Gas Cooled Fast Reactor hasa safePerformance
VHTR is a high performance reactor which uses helium to cool the heating components during operation .
VHTR uses a mixed fuel composition to operate and this composition can produce improvement in fuel performance thus making it a very effective reactor in generating electricity .
This composition is a mixture of 15% carbide and 85% oxide in the fissile particles .
[European Union (EU) Energy Research , 2009] GCFR is a concept which uses the reference design of VHTR , thus it is also a reactor of high performance .
Since GCFR operates at 850 degrees Celsius , therefore there are more choices of materials that can be used in the construction of GCFR .
[Idaho National Laboratory , 2002] Because GCFR operates at a lower temperature as compare to the VTHR , therefore the materials used for construction is cheaper and there are more choices of material available .
comparedSustainability
GCFR is an excellent choice in terms of sustainability because it is capable in minimizing radioactive waste more effectively as compared to the VHTR .
The nuclear waste of the GCFR is able to be put back into the process multiple times , and this reduces the nuclear waste produced .
[Generation IV International Forum , 2009] The reduction of radioactive waste uses processes called pryo-chemical or hydrometallurgical .
[Commissariat   l'energie atomique , 2007] With this there is a great reduction of nuclear waste , and money can be saved on building a storage site for nuclear waste .
Therefore , GCFR not only can have efficient energy conversion with the current design but also has an economic benefit outcome .
[Idaho National Laboratory , 2002]
economically beneficialbuildtoCost
The cost for building a VHTR prototype would cost US $1 .1 billion .
However for GCFR , the total ten year budget of GCFR is US $940 million and it includes the cost from planning to completion of the reactor .
However this is shared by all eight Generation IV International Forum members .
Therefore the annual budget for each country is US $7-8 million .
In this budget , the required sum of construction cost is US $300 million .
[Idaho National Laboratory , 2002]
Conclusion
Nowadays , since  fossil fuel is running out at a very high rate , people are seeking another alternative energy resource to replace the traditional fossil fuel resources , which have been used by humans for hundreds of years .
One of the alternatives is nuclear power .
However , the public is very concerned about the safe operation of nuclear reactors .
Actually , with the improvement of technology , the generation IV reactors are safe enough .
Moreover , these generation IV reactors are also very economic and promising .
Amongst these generation IV reactor concepts , I think the lead-cooled fast reactor is very competent and should get further research and development funding .
With regard to safety , people are usually afraid of the accident caused by the nuclear reactors .
This is because  once a nuclear reactor accident happens , it would be a huge disaster to both the creatures and the environment within that area .
A very famous accident , which is also used by the public to oppose building nuclear reactors , is the accident at Chernobyl which happened on 26 April 1986 .
As a result of this accident , 28 people were killed either immediately or within a few years , and 17 more died during the next ten years .
Moreover , according to the estimation , there would be thousands of people dying from cancer in the next forty years .
Another famous example is the accident which happened at the nuclear power station at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania on 28 March 1979 .
Although at Three Mile Island the discharge of radioactive material was too small to cause any harm , it still caused a great public reaction (Kletz , 2001) .
But for Lead-cooled fast reactors , people do not need to worry much about safety .
The temperature needed to operate lead-cooled fast reactors is about five hundred and fifty to eight hundred , which is relatively higher than today's light-water reactors and can avoid the risk of coolant boiling , and the pressure is rather low (Butler , 2004) .
More importantly , unlike some other materials like sodium , lead does not react with either water or air .
These features give lead-cooled fast reactors a significant safety advantage .
Furthermore , as the technology has improved so much , even if an accident happens , the damage is probably not that big .
For example , in the Three Mile Island accident , nobody was killed  or injured .
All radioactivity was contained as designed .
Therefore , lead-cooled fast reactors are very competent in this aspect of safety .
Besides safety , the economy is also a very important aspect which people should take into consideration .
At present , to build a nuclear reactor is still costly .
According to a study conducted by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) , even reducing completion time to just four or five years , and lowering construction costs by a quarter , would still not put the nuclear plants in contention with coal , and would just barely match the price performance of a combined-cycled natural gas-powered plant (Nivola , 2004)  .
However , since we can eliminate the need for an intermediate heat transport circuit in lead-cooled fast reactors , and lead is relatively cheap when compared with other materials used in other fast reactors , a large part of cost would be saved through this .
In addition , the high temperature of the lead-cooled fast reactors can also be used for thermochemical hydrogen production , which would contribute to reducing the cost as well .
According to Weaver (2005) , the lead-cooled fast reactor has a fifteen to thirty years' core lifetime .
That is quite long .
And furthermore , the earliest delivery time for lead-cooled fast reactors is 2025 (Butler , 2004) , which is not far away from now .
And because of its safe and economic property , we can certainly expect a good performance from lead-cooled fast reactors .
In conclusion , with the improvement of technology , nuclear power is becoming a very reasonable alternative for us human beings to choose to replace today's fossil energy resource .
Furthermore , the lead-cooled fast reactor is competent to get further research and development funding , because it is both safe and economic .
The prospective of lead-cooled fast reactor is very promising .
In a modern society , engineering design products are everywhere around us .
I t is true that those products provide us with much convenience; however , at the same time , there are also chances that it brings some dangers as side effects .
Chernobyl explosion is one example showing the seriousness of those dangers .
Chernobyl accident , happened in 1986 , was a nuclear reactor accident .
The explosion finally led to the evacuation and resettlement of over 336 ,000 people .
CITATION Int08 \l 2052 (International Atomic Energy Agency , 2008) Because of that , the safety of engineering design is very important .
We must have some gatekeepers to protect us .
In current stage , most design team uses the safety laws and rules as their gatekeeper and thinks that is enough .
However , some psychologists argues that those rules are not enough as all the procedures are carried out by human , there is possibility that a human error may occur .
Therefore psychologists are necessary to be involved in the design process to detect the human error and to be the new gate keeper of engineering design .
In my opinion , with a psychologist involved in the design process , possibility of future failure or even disaster can be reduced though may be at a higher cost .
Chernobyl accident can be a good example to see how the use of psychology helps to prevent the accident .
will bethe designavoidoptimumhelpa psychologistpsychologistand thereforespecialitiesLast of all , designers , especially the group leaders may worry about the cost of employing psychologists in their teams .
However , considering decreaseus results of Chernobyl accidents and other engineering accproblems such wondering is of no point .
After all , the lives have no price .
And by decreasing the accident and failure rate of the products of one despecialitiesroup , they will eaore chances and reputation .
Such results will lead to more profits .
In conclusion , psychologists may become new gatekeepers of engineering design process by helping correct the human error in design process and increase the team efficiency .
Together with the present rules and laws of safety design , the presenuse psychologists decreases the chance of having future failure and accidents .
And the increasing safety will make people enjoy the benefits of engineering design products much better .
As design is defined to be a human activity which aims at altering products' properties or functionalities so as to meet social expectation (Wilpert , 2006) , there have been controversies on whether psychology should be considered as an influential factor in the design process or not .
Some insist that insights can be gained when analyzing design process using psychological approach .
However , there are also voices arguing that most of product or system designs are merely driven by technology (Wilpert , 2006) .
Both sides of evidences taken into consideration , psychology should be considered as an important factor that is influencing design due to its crucial role in facilitating interactions of social and technological factors , analyzing human expectations as well as planning work process of design .
First of all , psychology serves as the crucial connection between social and technological factors .
Design itself is to combine human expectations and standards with technical specializations .
No matter what the designers are to work on , complex systems or everyday products , psychology is helpful to gain insights of problems that may be encountered or prevent undesirable aapproaches .
For everyday products design , it is quite understandable that if the technical configurations are similar for all , psychology could help designers make a difference by humanly consider making improvements that are more user-friendly in design .
More impactful consequences of not applying psychology in design are that serious failures can happen in complex projects and systems hence cause loss of life .
For instance , the collapse of Nicall Highway , two stretches of highway road linked by Merdeka Bridge , located in the Central Region of Singapore (Vernon , 2000) , could have been prevented if psychological approach were adopted in the design and construction process .
a lackleda shortcomingFinally , another deeper understanding of the importawase of psychology in design process can the onlyacauserwastan engineeringiproblemagedy .
When some were arguing for objective difficulties in technology , it a  directmitted by the main contractor that major cause is the overload temporary works and their low quality (New Civil Engineer , 2005) .
The contractor admitted that they had foreseen the potential problems that might be caused due to overloading temporary work and their reckless plan , but they somehow still did not pay enough attention and continued with it .
It consequently led to lack of time for examining everything with enough caution and designers even misinterpreted building codes in such a rush .
the Nicollwere not for the inappropriate workload distributed and carelessness misinterpretation of building code by design engineers , such failures could have been avoided .
In conclusion , psychology plays a significant role in the design process , as it serves as essential connections between social and technological factors , influences and reflects social expectations , it can be applied to avoid technical errors athe majorilures in complex systeof temporary used to optimize design plan .
Applying a psychology approach when analyzing or planning a design is crucial and beneficial to ensure safearisel as quality .
It is known that global warming and rising energy consumption are the major challenges for people to solve in the near future .
In order to resolve such problems , a few nuclear reactors have been built in the past decades .
As it is not sufficient to provide energy power and not environmentally friendly , a new set of theoretical nuclear reactor designs are currently being researched to satisfy the requirement of energy .
Research into these reactor types was officially started based on several initial goals .
The primary goals being to improve nuclear safety , efficient thermal performanceand reduce cost .
Many reactor designs are being considered to  meet the generation IV goals of today .
Two of the generation IV reactors called Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor and Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor are highly appreciated and accepted in modern nuclear power plant systems .
In terms of performance , securityand cost cost , both  reactors are well designed .
However , to compare the two fast reactors specifically , it is better to choose Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor as the new reactor to meet the generation IV nuclear plan instead of Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor .
To begin with , truly speaking , Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor has high thermal efficiency which converts the raw material to the power energy with range from 39% to 47% .
(M .J . Lineberry & T .R .
Allen , 2002) compared to the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor , Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor has the thermal efficiency about 48% , which is generally higher than sodium-cooled fast reactor .
(W .F .G .
van Rooijen , 2009) In addition , under the high performance , both  reactors need to work under high temperature .
Specifically , for Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor , the temperature is about 550 while the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor is about 850 .
(Butler .D , 2004) Hence , from general chemical knowledge , it is more convenient and efficient to convert energy under higher temperature .
In thermal performance , both  reactors have good  features especially for energy conversionhowever , the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor may have additional advantages .
Secondly , it is appreciated that the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor has some safety features .
It includes a long thermal response time which is a large margin to cool boiling .
Then , it is a primary system that operates near atmospheric pressure .
Meanwhile , Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor is based on safety countermeasures for self-controlled shutdown function and controlling function .
(M .J . Lineberry & T .R .
Allen , 2002) The Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor ,  not only includes a basic self safety control functions but also has many safety approaches  applied to the system to make it work safely under high temperature with additional safety devices being added to the equipment .
Recent research and development with in depth studies for safety shows that , , the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor system has through experiment demonstrated its security aspect .
(T .D .
Newton & P .J .
Smith , 2007) Hence , it is safer when it works properly .
Furthermore , in terms of cost , the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor was economical  with the use of high burn-up fuels .
It uses advanced materials and innovative design options to reduce  power plant capital cost and lower operating cost .
However , the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor is also well designed especially for waste recycling; GFR tries to minimize the release of gaseous and liquid effluents to the environment .
It takes into account that the management of waste from equipment is also important .
GFR systems are designed to allow for self-treatment by applying fuel manufacturing operations .
In addition , GFR can direct energy conversion .
Hence , it makes best use of energy and reduces the entire cost .
(T .D .
Newton & P .J .
Smith , 2007)
In conclusion , both the The The Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor and the the the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor achieve generation IV primary goal to satisfy the requirement of energy .
Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor works with  good thermal efficiency under a lower temperature when compared to Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor .
Moreover , it is designed well in terms of safety and cost .
Similarly , the GFR system offers significant potential to advance generation IV sustainability goals through its thermal efficiency , direct energy conversion , safety arrangement and proper cost .
Over all , Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor has advantages over Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor with respect to thermal efficiency , security  and cost .
According to Cambridge Advanced Learner's Dictionary , the word "accident" means something bad which happens that is not expected or intended , and which often damages something or injures someone .
Accidents are indeed unpredictable , but are they really unpreventable ?
Let us have a quick scan through one of the world's deadliest high-speed train accident- the Eschede train disaster , which hit a death toll of 101 .
Post accident investigation has shown that the main factors that contribute to this severe train accident are the wheel design of the train , maintenance of the train , and failure to stop the train .
Could this accident have probably been prevented if the usage of psychology as proposed by Bernhard Wilpert in "Psychology and design processes" is being applied ?
Besides that , it is found that accidents arthe humanly caused by chactions of a series of factors according to Heinrich Domino theory .
Since humaproblemproblemevitably a large portion in this of theain reactions , the removal (or the minimization) of the human factors will undoubtedly , prevent or reduce accidents .
In the case of Eschede train accident for instance , if the wheel of the train was designed in a better way or well maintained , or if the train could be stopped at the right moment before the crash , the accidhumansould probably be avoided .
But on the other hand , not all factors are within the control of human's capability .
Unfavorable environment and natural disaster are the best examples .
Bad weather conactsions , earthquake , and et cetera are all hard to be predicted .
To control them is even more ridiculous and impossible .
Therefore most people think that accidents are unavoidable .
It is quite true that these factors are beyond human's control but we do not have to prevent them from happening .
All we have to do is taking all the necessary steps and precautionary methods to prevent these "uncontrollable" from triggering an accident .
All these steps are to be done during the designing stage , which means that the psychology approach will play an important role .
As mentithis in thas been very first paragraph , accident is usually unexpected .
Despite its unexpectedness , signs or symptoms will always come first no matter how small or unnoticeable they might be .
Moments before the accident of Eschede happened , one of the passengers on the train had noticed that the tire on a wheel broke and peeled athe Eschedem the wheel , punctured the floor of the train .
He informed the conductor about what he saw but the conductor insisted to further investigate the incident and thus refused to pull the emergency brake .
Psychave beenlogically , the conductor did not want to be involved with any troubles becahumanling the emergency brake would definitely cause much hassles .
If he chose to give safety the most priority , he would he emergency brakapredictcident could probably be prevented .
However , when things come to emergency , the most important thing is often the individual ability to react rationally to resolve thumanlem .
How andy pecannotsibly remain calm when facing a sudden emergency ?
Htake , this ability can be gained through intensive training .
Practice makes perfect .
The factors from one gets trained , the more readily he is to face an emergency .
able toindividualsanan emergency ,when ithave beenhasslehave causedastroubleget intoinvestigatingonConcisely , the approach of psychological knowledge aren prevent or at least reduce the probability of accidents occurring .
Studies of human behavior , stages of an accident , investigation on industrial accident , together with some neced suitable psychological approach would definitely help in minimizing the occurring of severe accidents , especandally those that are due to errors in human judgments .
The drastic industrial development and advancement in science and technology has led to the rising energy demand  .
Searching for alternative energy sources becomes the main effort of the whole world , especially those industry-developed countries due to the dwindling energy supplies from coal and fuel .
The past few years have seen repeated calls from some of the world leaders to introduce nuclear energy as an alternative energy source to replace fuel and coal in the near future .
Generally , nuclear energy is generated through the process of nuclear fission and nuclear fusion of radioactive elements .
The energy loss in this process is dissipated in the form of heat , where it can be used to generate power and electricity .
The invention of Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor (SWCR) is one of the latest Generation VI nuclear reactors that have high potential to replace  coal and fuel as an energy source .
Nonetheless , debate on the using of this nuclear reactor has become a hot issue today due to the negative effects that would be brought to humans as well as other living organisms on the earth .
On the whole , further research and development funding for SWCR should be provided as all these weaknesses of nuclear reactors can be overcome via evidences and discoveries from the research done .
In conclusion , despite the evident harm nuclear power can cause , we should not immediately rule it out as a possible source of power in the future .
Further researches have shown that The Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor (SWCR) can achieve great safety by its design modification , lower and reasonable cost of its construction and power generation and has high efficiency in terms of electricity and power generation .
Therefore , further research and development funding for the Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor (SWCR) should be provided as it stands in  good stead to become the future's power generator in the near future .
I agreed that the high cost , the safety issue of nuclear power reactor and problems of wastes recycling .
However , the generation IV reactor the supercritical-water-cooled-reactor (SCWR) will solve these problems straightforwardly .
Firstly , SCWR is still facing a financial problem .
To build a nuclear reactor and its prototype will cost over US$1 billion .
If the government uses this money to build more fossil reactors , the increasing fossil reactor plants will help the situation of lack of energy .
However , in a long term , nuclear reactor plants will reduce the cost compared with fossil reactor plants .
It is true that the initial cost of building a fossil plant is low , but the long-term costs which keeping it working are high says PBMR Company international marketing manager Gert Claassen .
Furthermore , the SCWR reactor's efficiency and relatively simple design ,  would be cheaper to build and run than normal reactors .
Therefore , the cost is not a problem for SCWR .
Secondly , it is too difficult to find an appropriate coolant for nuclear reactor .
However , the coolant of SCWR is supercritical water .
Normally , the critical point of water is the point at which the water exists as a combination of the liquid phase and vapour phase .
The condition of this point is at temperature of 374centidegrees and a pressure of 22 .1Mpa .
However , for the supercritical water , the critical point is much higher than the normal water .
It is about 510centidegrees at 25Mpa .
Therefore , the coolant can sustain under the high temperature and do not have any phase change .
Thus , it can produce a great amount of energy .
For that reason , to find a suitable coolant will not be a problem because there is no difficulty to find water in earth .
Thirdly , people are worrying about the waste of nuclear power , because the waste of reactor is normally radioactive .
If we are not able to handle the wastes well , the nuclear pollution will trigger the catastrophe .
Nevertheless , SCWR could work out this problem .
The coolant for SCWR is supercritical water and the waste of water is still water as well .
Therefore , this waste are not radioactive and it is much safer compared with the wastes of previous of reactors .
Moreover , SCWR has built a system for water purification through supercritical oxidation .
This system is to convert the waste water into potable water .
Then the reactor can reuse this water as coolant again .
To sum up , the supercritical-water-cooled reactors solve general problems which the normal nuclear power reactors have .
Therefore , the SCWR is feasible and reliable .
The SCWR 's revival would benefit the whole population .
For the public , the problem of global warming and other environmental problems caused by emissions of fossil fuel will be eliminated .
Politically , the nuclear power will maintain their energy source independence and reduce the conflicts of energy possessing .
To engineers and scientists , the applications of nuclear reactors would encourage them to find more efficient way to generate energy from reactors and the improve the safety of reactors in case of any accidents  .
Generally speaking , the nuclear power will be the fuel for the future .
People will obtain safer cleaner and cheaper energy generated by nuclear power reactor .
We are now marching into a new era of nuclear age .
Generation IV of nuclear power is now undergoing development and research .
Very-high-temperature Reactor (VHTR) which is operated by open fuel cycle is one of the six concepts of Generation IV reactors .
It has an operating temperature of 1000 C and uses high pressure during reaction stages .
VHTR is one of the best substitutions for coal plants from a science perspective as it does not pollute the earth and it does not need to use as much fuel as other forms of energy .
The question of whether we should have nuclear powerplantst as an energy resource is controversial .
People stand against it as they havelittle knowledgea about the nuclear power plant .
Cost , safety and performance are three major aspectsofr opposition to this technology; nevertheless , there is still an unyielding need to support further research and development funding for VHTR .
People believe that it would be costly to start up a new nuclear industry .
It is true though .
According to Mansilla (2008) maximizing the system efficiency does not guarantee a minimum cost .
Still , in point of fact , nuclear power plants can reduce the expenditure in producing more energy in the long run .
compared to conventional plants , VHTR can bring out 50% more electricity from the same amount of fuel .
Since that VHTR uses a lower amount of fuel to produce higher amounts of energy , it is much more economic than other power plants regardless of the start up cost , as the start-up cost can be compensated in the long run .
Needs for energy are neither going to decrease nor are sources of energy going to increase .
Therefore , when sources of conventional plants are severely depleted , its cost will soar up  and become uneconomical; on the other hand , VHTR uses half the amount of fuel to produce an equal amount of energy , hence it can last longer .
Safety of a nuclear plant is the issue that concerns the public the most .
The reactor core explosion at Chernobyl in Ukraine was a catastrophic failure .
It raised public's uncertainty about the safety of developing new nuclear power plants .
However , VHTR is being designed to avoid such circumstances .
VHTR is coated with a layer of graphite which can be used to slow down neutrons in order to control the nuclear chain reaction and it is covered with an ultra hard ceramic layer .
Furthermore , it uses helium , an inert gas as a coolant .
Therefore it can avoid any radioactive material from escaping if an accident happens .
Moreover , a back-up emergency core cooling system (ECCS) has been designed .
ECCS can remove excess heat and avoid damage to power plants in emergency situations , such as terrorism .
In addition , VHTR would be able to function without the need to reprocess plutonium waste .
This would be able to prevent the creation of nuclear power weapons as plutonium is an ingredient to produce advanced nuclear weapons .
People assume that VHTR has lower performance when compared to other kinds of Generation IV power sources .
According to research , VHTR is a thermal reactor which relies on moderators to slow down neutrons while Gas-cooled Fast Reactor , Sodium-cooled Fast Reactor and Lead-cooled Fast Reactor are relying on fast spectra .
This gives people a wrong assumption that VHTR  .
However , the performance of reactors also depends on operating pressure and temperature .
Researchers anticipate that VHTR's cycle efficiency could reach above 50% while comparing to Molten Salt Reactor , for instance , which could only reach around 44% to 50% .
Furthermore , VHTR is designed to efficiently produce both electricity and hydrogen at the same time .
In conclusion , the opposing reasons for not supporting further research and development for VHTR are arguable .
The initial cost for VHTR is high but it can be covered in the long run by its quantitative energy output .
Likewise , VHTR is being designed with adequate safety precautions to prevent a tragedy from happening .
It has better performance as well since it has high efficiency and both electricity and hydrogen as its reactive product .
Concepts of nuclear power plant in generation IV have shown substantial improvements in cost , safety and efficiency especially VHTR .
Consequently , more research and development funding should be given to VHTR .
As the society develops rapidly , the demand for energy also increase in tandem .
However , fossil fuel , our conventional source of energy , is nearly running out , which means we need to find alternative sources of energy .
As a result , nuclear power has received renewed interest after over 30 years when no new nuclear plants have been built .
In adoption of nuclear energy , we need to consider cost , efficiency and safety features .
In recent years , six generation IV reactor concepts have been developed , and in this essay , I will discuss the sodium-cooled fast reactors (SFR) and very-high-temperature reactor (VHTR) .
Some people say that the SFR is good , but evidence shows that the VHTR is better in terms of cost , efficiency and safety .
SFR basically to use the sodium as coolant to produce nucincreasesrgy .
On the other hand , very-high-temperature reactor is working under a very high temperature environment (Very high temperature reactor , 2009) .
On cost , building a SFR is estimated at US$ 610 million , while the VHTR would cost US$ 610 millionU .S .
Department Of Energy Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee2002 .
While , the initial cost of constructing the VHTR is higher than the SFR .
In terms of running cost , VHTR is a more cost-effective reactor than the SFR .
With a high efficiency in transferring heat into power , the VHTR costs only US$1 to produce 1 kilogram hydrogen , which is much lower than SFRU .S .
Department Of Energy Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee2002 .
Therefore , in a long run , the VHTR is more economical in producing a large amount of energy .
Very-High-Temperature-Gas-Cooled-Reactor-Systems (2009) , retrieved at 20thOct .2009 , from http://www .docstoc .com/docs/11820746/Very-High-Temperature-Gas-Cooled-Reactor-Systems
theSome people also the useaofhe efficiena coolanthe SFR is about fifty percent at a temperature of 500 centigrade degree .
It is higher than the VHTR which is about forty percent at 500 centigrade degree (Very high tempcost wise reactor , 2009) .
However , it is not a fair comparison .
For the SFR 500 centigrade degree isr it is fifty percent .
However , for VHTR , the suitable working temperature is about 1500 centigrade degree .
At such a temperature , the efficiency of the VHTR is about 65 percent , which is much higher than the SFR (Very-High-Temperature-Gas-Cooled-Reactor-Systems , 2009) .
Under the same standard , we 
leaksTo conclude , the initial cost of VHTR is higher , but in a long run its cost is much lower .
Besides that , its efficiency is much higher under its rated working temperature .
In addition , the coolant of the VHTR is much safer than the SFR .
By considering the cost , efwe should do safety factors , we can judge that the very high temperature is a better choice in a long run .
thetheatheReference:
Butler , D . (2004) , nuclear power's new dawn , Nature , Volume 429 , Issue 6989 , pp .
238-240 , retrieved at 20thOct .2009 , from http://adsabs .harvard .edu/abs/2004Natur .429 .238B
The Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor (SFR) system (2009) , retrieved at 20thOct .2009 , from http://www .gen-4 .org/Technology/systems/sfr .htm
U .S . DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee (2002) , A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems , retrieved at 20thOct .2009 , from http://gif .inel .gov/roadmap/
Very high temperature reactor (2009) , retrieved at 20thOct .2009 , from {http://en .allexperts .com/e/v/ve/very_high_temperature_reactor .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://en .allexperts .com/e/v/ve/very_high_temperature_reactor .htm]
Do you want to make a guess of how much electric power is consumed every day ?
500 million kilowatt-hours ?
Two billion kilowatt-hours ?
No , the answer is more than 48 billion kilowatt-hours .
With the speeding development throughout the whole world , the raising energy needs becomes an unavoidable problem nowadays .
In order to satisfy the needs , the generation IV reactor concept is brought forward for further research and utilization of nuclear power , and the Very High Temperature Reactor [VHTR] , which uses a graphite-moderated nuclear reactor with a once-through uranium fuel cycle under an outlet temperature of 1000 C , is one of such concepts .
However , even before VHTR has been made use of , the public start to debate whether this concept can do more good than harm .
Although quite a number of people have no faith in the concept and provide some reasons , there exist solid evidences to show VHTR is worth of developing and can benefit the society .
First of all , opponents of VHTR doubt whether it is cost-effective and achievable .
As they state , in order to generate as much electricity as it is expensed in the U .S . every day , almost 400 nuclearspeedylants should be constructed and utilized .
Howrise inoday only about 410 nuclear power plants are the world .
The great discrepancy as if draws the end of VHTR's devehas beenpment already .
In fact , this analysis is dthe utilizationis-illustration .
One fact need to be clarified is that the opponents misuse the capacity of the chas begun tional plants rather than that of VHTR .
Scientists suggest that the new generation reactor can seeze 5conceptelectricity from the same amount of fuels compared with the conventional plants .
By applying this figure , the number of plants calculated by the opponents can significantly be minimized .
Moreover , the opponents misunderstood the distribution of eshow thatrthe VHTRower generion .
No matter how excellent one method is , the world's electric power generation can never simply depend on one method .
Instead , this should always be a combination of complex methods .
In that case , whether VHTR can fulfil one country or even the global needs of electricity is unnecessary to be concerned .
As long as the concept is feasible and is better than the old ones , VHTR deserves for further research and thus can bring more advantage to the society .
aboutleaksitsTo sum up , the opponents' opinioconcernedppose VHTR are not valid .
It is cost-effective , feasible , and safe .
In that case , we can safely draw the conclusion that VHTR is worth of further research and development .
We have confidence that it can bring great advantage to the world when technology is mature .
July 17 , 1981 in Kansas City , Missouri , United States , while dozens of people was gathering on the walkway in Hyatt Regency Crown Centre and seeing a dance contest , the walkway collapsed and caused 114 people died and 200 injured .
After the accident investigated , the main cause of the accident was a significant change in the design of the walkway .
The original design by Jack D . Gillum was using a set of steel tie rod to suspend the two walkways to the ceiling , but the contractor proposed to use two separate tie rods: one collected one walkway to the ceiling , and the other connected the two walkways .
Jack D . Gillum and associates did not calculate the alternate plan before they assigned on the paper .
Thus the accident happened .
(Hyatt Regency Walkway Collapse , message from {http://www .engineering .com/Library/ArticlesPage/tabid/85/articleType/ArticleView/articleId/175/Walkway-Collapse .aspx}[HYPERLINK: http://www .engineering .com/Library/ArticlesPage/tabid/85/articleType/ArticleView/articleId/175/Walkway-Collapse .aspx] )
will the problems be known .Psychology studies human mind and behavior .
Introducing psychology in the design process only makes a difference in human behavior , but many industrial accidents are not only caused by a single human error .
For example , the "Prestige" oil spilling was mainly caused by the rainstorm .
Prestige carried 77 ,000 tons of heavy fuel oil and was traveling on the sea near Spanish when it met rainstorm .
One of the 12 gasoline boxes exploded , but the Spanish Authorities refused the tanker to anchor in their bay .
Finally ther s59429_1043815 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .xooob .com/359429_1043815 .html] ) .
Manthe moreher industrial systems are much more complex and many factors can influence the system .
Psychology only can deal with human error , not other factors .
the othercaused an oil spillImprovement of communication , teaching of social and human relation skills and methods of dealing with problems are applications of psychology .
So the use of psychology during the design process can prevent some accidents .
It cannot prevenspille accidents , as accidents are not only caused by human errors and as for some new designs , they must be tried to see wSpainll the problems happened .
they must attempt to assess where problems are likely to occur .Refrences:
Butler , D . (2004 , May 20) .
Nuclear power's new dawn .
Nature , 429 , 238-240
Wilpert , B .
(2007) .
Psychology and design processes .
Safety Science , 45 , 293-303 {http://www .xooob .com/359429_1043815 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .xooob .com/359429_1043815 .html]
Kendra , V .W .
Psychology theories , Guild to psychology , from {http://psychology .about .com/od/psychology101/u/psychology-theories .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://psychology .about .com/od/psychology101/u/psychology-theories .htm]
Hyatt Regency Walkway Collapse , message from {http://www .engineering .com/Library/ArticlesPage/tabid/85/articleType/ArticleView/articleId/175/Walkway-Collapse .aspx}[HYPERLINK: http://www .engineering .com/Library/ArticlesPage/tabid/85/articleType/ArticleView/articleId/175/Walkway-Collapse .aspx] )
On January 28th , 1986 , the US Space Shuttle Challenger exploded 73 seconds after launch , killing the entire crew .
This is a disaster in human history and is a tragedy of NASA .
The cause of the disaster was reported as the failure of an "O-ring" seal in the solid-fuel rocket on the Space Shuttle Challenger's right side .
However , this is not the only factor resulting in the tragedy .
The report also said that the officials of NASA ignored the concerns voiced by engineers and insisted launching the shuttle at risk .
In other words , not only the technical factors , but also the human factors caused this disaster to appear .
Therefore , psychology in design processes , in my opinion , could have prevented this accident .
Firthe 28th oof Januaryreparation of psychology in design processes could have saved the Space Shuttle Challenger .
Actually , from the time it was first scheduled to lift off on January 22nd , to the when it was finally launched on January 28th , liftoff was delayed several times for various reasons .
Obviously , the preparation for this project was not good at all .
Arguers may say that no matter how good the preparation was , there were still some unpredictable factors that might lead the mission to failure .
Well , it is true that the errors cannot be prevented completely; nevertheless , we should try our best to reduce theoccuro the least level that we can accept .
Apparently , the condition of Challenger was not what we can accept as safe .
Furthermore , if the preparation was well done and the "O-ring" problem was fixed during the process , Challenger could have been saved .
Secondly , should the decision-making system be made better , the tragedy could have been avoided .
Faced with the choice of whether to put off the mission for safety or to carry on the misn at risk to save money , the oon thei28th of Januarythe latter one , which was a big mistake .
Furthermore , they also had policy failure on competitive bidding for manufacturing company and defects of supervision system .
All these factors contributed to the unreliability of the safety of the mission .
Although NASA have to face the pressure from the public and the political , they should aware the consequences of the failure , which might make the situation evone thatorse .
If the highest levels of NASA had made The Challengeron more objectively and scientifically with the help of psychology in design , putting the mission off like before , the disaster could have been prevented .
As discussed above , the Challenger disaster's causes lie not only on the technical factors , but also on the human factors .
In my opinion , the root cause is the human factoa launch wrong decision made by the officials .
Though it was indirect cause , its influence is so large that it was morean airportant than the technical factor .
Psychology in design processes , whose significance has been showed in this accident , should be paid moretragedyn to in the future engineering design .
Only in this way , can the safety of projects be improved efficiently and guaranteed .
There has been a debate between two Generation Four reactors , the Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) and the Supercritical Water Reactor (SCWR) , as to which  reactor has superior performance .
On the one hand , engineers use the most advanced technology and concept to design the VHTR .
On the other hand , the technology applied on the SCWR is developed from conventional technology of an older type of nuclear reactor , Light Water Reactor (LWR) .
The supporters of VHTR attack SCWR for its "obsolete" technology and its incapability of generating Hydrogen as a co-product of electrcity .
Nevertheless , I believe the most practical thing ends up being the most useful thing .
In my opinion , the SCWR outmatches the VHTR at both performace and cost .
When people compare the two types of reactors , they tend to focus on the temperature at which reactors operates .
Then , they discover that the VHTR is operating at a temperature level which is almost twice as that of the SCWR .
As a result , a misleading conception arises , which is that the VHTR works much more efficiently than the SCWR  .
Indeed , temperature is an indicator of how efficient the reactor is .
However , it is by no means the only indicator .
According to Prof Mirko Ascic's scientific journal (ASCIC , 2005) , the energy of neutrons in the reactor is the dominant factor that affects the process of converting heat to electricity .
The fact is the SCWR has about four times as many neutrons in the energy range above 6 .2 MeV and about 16 times as many neutrons below 0 .1 eV .
These two energy states of neutrons are closely related the fusion of two fuels , U235 and Np237 .
As a result , The SCWR has a higher performace up to 4 percent compared to the VHTR .
For people who are obssesed with the VHTR , one main reason would be it allows an easy way to generate a clean natural energy , Hydrogen .
It is unnecessary to describe how huge the amount of fossil fuel the world consumes everyday and the influence of burning the fuel on the whole environment .
Scientists have been searching the most suitable and the most economical surrogate for fossil fuel for decades .
And reactors with super-high operating temperature seems to be the ultimate answer .
However , in my opinion , reactors that can generate Hydrogen are just "gimmicks" .
After all , electricity is also a perfect energy which has no side-effect on the environment .
Furthermore ,  using Hydrogen , which has just begun developing and is far from matured , electricity has been with human beings for over a hundred years .
The technology of electricity can be found everywhere  and big automobile manufacturers have started to discuss the possibility of replacing fossil-fuel-powered cars with electricity-powered ones .
Thus , the critical question arises .
How to produce electricity economically ?
In my opinion , the SCWR is the answer .
The SCWR is built  of low-cost electricity .
In addition , the two technologies needed to build the SCWR are already at hand , which are widely-employed  by current Generatioon Three LWRs .
Unlike the VHTR which uses rare gas Helium as a coolant , the SCWR simply uses water to cool down the system .
As a result , the SCWR costs much less to build and greatly simplifies the nuclear plant .
In conclusion , the most advanced technologies may not be suitable in a certain condition .
The SCWR has proven itself to be more capable at both high performance and low cost .
In this sense , the SCWR is a better nuclear reactor compared to the VHTR for our future .
By the year 2030 , many of the current operating nuclear power plants in the world will be at or near the end of their operating licenses .
Therefore , research and development of Generation IV technologies are being conducted by participating countries in the Generation IV International Forum .
Some of the developing concepts include the "Very-high-temperature" and "Molten salt" nuclear reactors .
Competitive costs and financial risks of nuclear energy systems are constantly being compared .
In the case of the Very-high-temperature reactors , the cost of running the plant is lower when compared to Molten salt reactors .
The efficiency of the VHTR is also >50% as compared to conventional reactors .
VHTR produces hydrogen as a byproduct , thus increasing the chances of utilizing the reactors for other energy sources .
VHTR's technology is based on an upgrade to current HTR technologies .
Therefore , the estimated time to receive the technologies will be earlier when compared to MSR .
MSR's research requires scientists to work on new materials which can withstand the usage of molten fluoride salts .
On the other hand , VHTR's research had been mapped into proper stages and there is a large pool of researchers working on it .
, the time span needed to reach optimum standards will be later than VHTR , thus putting VHTR ahead in the economy race .
Safety issues involved in generation IV reactors are mainly on temperature and chemical reactions during high pressure operations .
As the generators are designed to operate at temperatures up to 1000 Degree Celsius , prevention of a reactor meltdown would be important as a repeat of the Chernobyl disaster during the year 1986 would not be acceptable .
This is especially for VHTRs as they operate at temperatures up to 1200 Degrees Celsius as compared to the lower pressured MSRs .
There is no doubt that the world is moving towards nuclear energy development in the future 20 years from now .
The current race to develop the best reactor for use is still questionable as all the reactors have their own strengths and weaknesses .
However , with the current VHTR's achievable research goals , it will probably be the generation IV reactor to lead the pack in years to come .
At the turn of the millennium , the rising of Asian countries such as China and India has intensified the competition of energy .
In 2007 , China consumes a third as much oil as the United States , which burns a quarter of the world's oil every day .
(HYPERLINK "http://topics .nytimes .com/top/reference/timestopics/people/m/jad_mouawad/index .html ?inline=nyt-per" \o "More Articles by Jad Mouawad"Mouawad , J .
New York Times) By 2030 , China and India together will import as much oil as the United States and Japan do today .
In addition , there are concerns about the impact on global warming due to fossil fuel power plants .
Fossil energy use is responsible for about 85% of the human-caused carbon dioxide emission produced annually .
(Pachauri , R , IPCC) Hence , fossil fuels are not a viable means to meet the increasing demand of energy .
Thus , other reliable means of energy have been considered , of which , nuclear energy holds the greatest potential .
Using nuclear processes to produce energy is not a new concept .
Since the first poweractor was built in the Sovietfornion in 1954 , there are consumedear power plants in operation at present .
(IAEA) Meanwhile , nuclear power has not risen to be a top choice because of worries about leakages of radioactive substances from the plants .
For example , the explosion of reactor 4 in the Chernobyl power plant resulted in 237 deaths due to radiation .
In another accident in the Three Mile Island in the US , 140 thoand people living within a five mile radius of the plant evacuated after the meltdown of a cooling system .
Moreover , in this post 911 era , many worry about nuclear power plants becoming the terrorists' targets .
Acknowl(Pachauri , 2007) nuclear power to meet the world's energy appetite , several countries have formed the Generation IV International Forum (GIF) to research on the possible nuclear technologies and to mitigate the risks posed by them .
Two of the six short listed systems are the Sodium-cooled Fast Reactor (SFR) and Super Critical Water Reactor (SCWR) .
Both of these systems , especially the Sodium-cooled Fast Reactor , promises higher efficiency , lower operational cost and enhanced safety measures over current generation of reactors .
In the SCWR , liquid water , which is used as coolant for the 650oC reactor core , is pressurized to 2500 times the atmospheric pressure , to the supercritical state .
Firstly , at this high pressure , water has a larger range of operating temperature .
Thus , the reactor can function safely within a greater range of temperature .
Secondly , supercritical water also has the highest heat capacity .
This means that water can absorb a higher amount of energy for the same volume of water , thus having a better rate of heat transfer compared to the current generation of reactors such as Boiling Water Reactors (BWR) and Pressurised Water Reactor (PWR) .
Better heat transfer also allows the coolant to have a slower flow rate of the coolant , thus saving cost by using of smaller pumps and piping .
Thirdly , water does not change phase within the coolant cycle due to its increased boiling point .
This would allow the coolant to have a laminar flow , increasing the efficiency of the coolant .
Hence , the plant would have 45% thermal cycle efficiency .
the supportResearchRegarding the safety aspects of the nuclear reactors , the GIF has set high targets Comparedcto .
For the SCWR , the use of water at the supercritical state allows the coolant to be functional and effective at a right range of temperature .
The absence of a change in phase would also make the reacand thus safer to operate .
All this is possible with the highly pressurized water .
Meanwhile , SFR does not have the problems regarding maintaining the coolant at high pressure .
Instead , the challenge lies in keeping the sodium coolant from direct contact with air .
As sodium is highly reactive , it reacts violently with the airdoesrom the environment .
This difficulty is overcome by using a two-step cooling solution , whereby sodium is used to cool the core , and a secondary coolant , such as water , is used to cool the sodium .
Also , SFR has the added advantage of closed fuel cycle , which helps in the management of highly radioactive actinides .
This wfocusedprevent the proliferation of the nuclear waste .
Finally , nuclear-enriched materials being kept at high temperature would prevent them from being stolen and use as weapons by terrorists .
usedkeeping nuclear-enriched materials at a In conclusion , SFR stands as a more viable option to be the solution to the world's energy crisis .
Though the deployment cost is high at present , the burden will be shared by the many countries support the technology .
Also , the performance of SFR is ensured based on the findings of the various researches conducted .
Finally , well-planned safety measures and actinides management would ensure the SFR would function safely within its use .
Nuclear accidents like the Three Mile incident and the Chernobyl disaster left a bad aftertaste in the eyes of the public .
Furthermore , the constant threat of nuclear terrorists and the issue of radiation leakage made nuclear energy even more unpopular .
However , as mankind evolves , nuclear energy could possibly be making a comeback .
Facing the issues of rising oil prices and the long term availability of fossil fuels , governments are now rethinking their national energy strategies .
One of these strategies is harnessing nuclear energy .
Going nuclear would provide the growing economies with a constant and steady supply of energy to sustain their economic development .
Furthermore , it also addresses the issue on global warming as it does not produce greenhouse emissions which could further aggravate the situation .
Though the public may be concerned about the safety of operating a nuclear plant , we should continue to develop nuclear energy as its economic and environmental benefits outweighs its risks .
One potential reactor concept that we should look at would be the Very-high-temperature reactors (VHTR) , as it addresses the concern over uranium reprocessing and the impact of a nuclear accident .
Furthermore , it gives significant economic and environmental advantages as it is more energy efficient and it also produces hydrogen which could be used for other purposes .
(Butler 2004 , Six generation concepts)
One of the public's concerns over the safety of operating a nuclear plant is the issue of nuclear waste management .
Given the current controversy regarding Iran's uranium enrichment program , whereby the technology could be used to develop nuclear weapons( Nasser Karimi , Associated Press Wednesday , October 7 , 2009 ) , the public has the right to worry since there have not been much transparency from Iran .
This concern would be diffused if we are developing VHTR , since its design does not incorporate a waste recycling component hence there would not be a basis for any uranium enrichment program .
Therefore , there is no need to worry about the reprocessing of uranium for weapon proliferation .
Another concern on the safety aspect of nuclear plants is radiation leakage due to improper disposal or infrastructure failure which could be caused by a terrorist attack .
Radiation exposure is an inherent part of nuclear energy and some believe that living near a nuclear plant would increase the risk of cancer and that any nuclear accident would result in high casualties .
After the Chernobyl accident , many scientists predicted that the radiation exposure of that incident would have caused a million deaths hence causing panic and hysteria among the public which eventually made nuclear energy unpopular .
However , in 2005 , a report done by IAEA and the World Health Organization deduced that the incident caused 56 direct deaths and suggested that there may be 4 ,000 extra cancer deaths among the approximately 600 ,000 most highly exposed people({IAEA Report}[HYPERLINK: http://www .iaea .org/NewsCenter/Focus/Chernobyl/]  ,2008 .)
which were significantly much lower than previously thought .
Therefore previous claims by scientist were over exaggerated and the public should be educated on the issue of radiation exposure so that they do not oppose the idea because of misinformation .
Furthermore , active safety measures were also put in place , checks for radiation leakage are done frequently by experts and nuclear plants are located at isolated places to minimize exposure .
They are also well guarded to deter any terrorist attacks .
To further put the public's mind at ease , the VHTR is also designed to automatically shut down in a case of an accident hence minimizing radiation leakage and foiling any terrorists' attacks .
Therefore this further enhances the safety aspect of running a nuclear plant and should adequately address the concerns of the public .
As the world copes with the rising cost of oil , governments are investing into different energy fields to diversify their energy sources so as to increase their countries' energy independence .
Some argue that we should not be investing into nuclear energy as it is expensive to build and run and that it is not a renewable energy source , hence we should invest into renewable energies which are more sustainable .
Though renewable energy may be sustainable , their energy supplies are intermittent depending on environmental factors .
Therefore , they are unable to meet the intense energy demand of our growing economies .
Nuclear plants are more expensive to build than the other energy sources , but it is a premium that we have to pay to obtain a reliable and consistent supply of energy to drive our economic progress .
Furthermore , the VHTR concept has a high fuel burn up ratio which translates to an efficiency of 80% which is significantly higher than renewable energies which have efficiencies of 20-30% (Prof Tan , Powering the new millennium , 2009) .
The VHTR also produces hydrogen which could be used as another source of fuel for power plants or could be sold to industries which use it , hence generates a source of revenue for the state .
It is also good that we diversify our energy sources to booster our energy security .
Hence we should continue to develop nuclear energy as it is a proven tool to obtain constant steady supply of energy .
Furthermore the high energy efficiency and potential uses of hydrogen , gives it more economic advantages over the renewable energies .
Another issue that nuclear energy would address is global warming .
As we know global warming is mainly caused by greenhouse emission from the burning of fossil fuels and its impacts include climate change and the flooding of low lying area hence jeopardizing the survival of our future generations .
Nuclear energy is 'clean' as it does not release any greenhouse emissions .
Furthermore , the ability of the VHTR to produce hydrogen provides another source of clean energy which we could utilize to power our economies and cars which are the main contributors of greenhouse emissions .
By reducing the carbon emissions from these two sources , we would be able to buy us more time to develop technologies to tackle the global warming issue; therefore we should develop the VHTR to aid our cause .
The design of the VHTR has incorporated a lot of safety features which enhances the safety of operating a nuclear plant .
Coupled with that , the strict regulation of the IAEA and its frequent checks ensure that the infrastructure remains safe and intact hence safeguarding the interest of the public .
Furthermore , the high power efficiency of the VHTR makes it economical to operate and the production of hydrogen provide a source of revenue for the state as well as another alternative source of clean energy which reduces greenhouse emissions .
Since the VHTR is able to benefit us economically and environmentally , we should continue to develop it despite its risks .
Opponents said that it is safe to use the electric car on the road , as quoted from "Electro Automotive" (n .d .) , they claimed that it's fully safe as the battery does not leak even if an accident occur .
However , the car is still not fully safe for operation .
The design has an overall light protection by the lightweight body frame .
The idea of using such is so that lesser battery power will be used to drive the vehicle , in order to travel longer distances , as compared to heavier frames .
Because of the nature of light weight , it will lead to one bigger safety issue , accident consequences .
Accidents can happen anytime , and hardly avoidable .
Roger (2003) mentioned that many mavens , known as car addicts , were worried that if an accident were to occur , especially with heavier vehicles , chances of the electric car being smashed is relatively high , the fact that current population of vehicles is still fuel driven .
This indicates danger to both driver and passengers .
One suggestion is to design better , stronger and safer materials for the frame of the electric car .
At a small cost of a slightly slower speed , accidents can be prevented and reduced if drivers practice safe and considerate driving .
Moreover , there is added protection with the stronger frame .
Opposition claim that the electric car is good as it helps reduce the reducing the rate of greenhouse effects by having no harmful emissions compared to fuel cars , Partha (2009) said .
Even though the car has no emission , which overall helps to save the environment , but many drivers are concerned with the overall cost of owning a car .
From "Electro Automotive" (n .d .) , cost per mileage for the electric car is $0 .052 , and for fuel car is $0 .08 .
Cost of the electric car EV1 , quoted from "EV1 Electric Car was CRUSHED by GM" (n .d .) was $25 ,000 , and for an average fuel car , said Bradsher (1996) was $20 ,000 .
Maintenance , which is the greatest nightmare for drivers , is priced at approximately $14 ,000 for 30 ,000 miles to change a new battery of the electric car , Jeffery (2009) said , while the fuel car cost around $6 ,334 for 40 ,000 miles , quoted from "lendingtree" (2007) .
By comparing the prices , it shows that more drivers will prefer choosing the fuel car , as partially because of the need to charge the electric car every 100 miles , while a fuel car go up to 1000km or more , as most drivers need to travel longer distances without visiting the petrol station that frequently .
If there are more users who use the fuel cars , it will hence increase pollution , not decrease even with the technology of electric cars .
One solution is to improve the design of electric cars such that it can run longer distance , with the same battery power .
This may in turn , interest drivers that this will be a better option , as fuel depletes one day , electric cars may become the better choice of transport , which will also saves the environment .
Lastly , with the slow speed of the electric car of 50mph quoted from "Pros And Cons Of Electric Cars" , critics think that it will be safer for the drivers and passengers , and accident rates can be reduced .
However this may not be true .
This is because , comparing the amount of fuel cars owned , to the amount of electric cars owned , electric cars are very low amount in ratio .
Hence there are more heavy fuel vehicles on the road that runs faster than electric cars .
This will increase risk and rate of accidents that may occur , as electric car which is slower may become a potential obstruction to the "faster" fuel cars , and if collision occurs , chances of electric car drivers getting severely injured is high because of the lighter body frame as discusses earlier on .
A solution is to design higher power output of the electric car such that it can travel faster speeds to be on par with current fuel vehicles such that it reduces the accident rates , hence increasing safety of the car .
In conclusion , there is a need to improve the electric car to increase safety and fully utilise its safety features .
For example , reinforcing its body frame with stronger materials , and increasing battery power capacities .
As time passes , the government is likely bound to increase fuel price , making fuel cars an unworthy choice .
But for now , as the technology is not readily available yet and fully safe , there is no reason to get an electric car .
As quoted from Audi's president Johan that it is "a car for idiots ."
In recent years , despite the contentious debate of using nuclear power to meet our ever-increasing energy needs , the world has started to consider nuclear energy as a future fuel source which is believed to  more environmentally friendly  compared to fossil fuels .
Hence , late in 2002 , Generation IV International Forum (GIF)  announced the selection of six reactor technologies which they believe represented the future shape of nuclear energy .
These were selected on the basis of being a clean , safe and cost-effective means of meeting increased energy demands on a sustainable basis , while being resistant to usage of materials for weapons proliferation and secure from terrorist attacks (US Department of Energy , 2009) .
In this essay , I would present my argument to support further research and development funding for the Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) as opposed to the Supercritical Water Reactor (SCWR) , from the perspectives of security , performance and costs .
Firstly , proponents of SCWR claimed that the very high-temperature concept of VHTR reactor can be detrimental to safety if a loss-of-coolant accident (LOCA) occurs .
This means that if there is a break in the pipe , coolant will be lost and cause the reactor to heat up very quickly , resulting in the release of toxic gases and fission products into the environment .
However , this may be an unfounded concern in years to come when we consider the fact that the Korean and the US governments have worked for the past three years on developing and validating advanced computational methods for simulating LOCA in a VHTR , in an attempt to prevent such an accident from happening (Chang , 2006) .
Cogeneration Technologies .
(2002) Very High Temperature Reactor  .
17 Oct 2009 {http://www .cogeneration .net/Very_High_Temperature_Reactor .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .cogeneration .net/Very_High_Temperature_Reactor .htm]
Dae Hwan Lee .
(2005) The safety characteristics of VHTR (A Gen IV design) .
17 Oct 2009 {http://nuclear .tamu .edu/~burchill/609/Class%2027/Lee%20GEN%20IV%20safety(VHTR) .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://nuclear .tamu .edu/~burchill/609/Class%2027/Lee%20GEN%20IV%20safety(VHTR) .pdf]
Jacopo Buongiorno .
(2003) Supercritical Water Reactor (SCWR) Progress Report for the FY-03 Generation-IV R&D Activities for the Development of the SCWR in the U .S . 18 Oct 2009 {http://nuclear .inl .gov/gen4/docs/scwr_annual_progress_report_gen-iv_fy-03 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://nuclear .inl .gov/gen4/docs/scwr_annual_progress_report_gen-iv_fy-03 .pdf]
Paul Norman .
(2007) A new dawn for nuclear power  .18 Oct 2009 {http://physicsworld .com/cws/article/print/30344}[HYPERLINK: http://physicsworld .com/cws/article/print/30344]
US {Department of Energy}[HYPERLINK: http://nuclear .energy .gov/genIV/neGenIV1 .html] .
(2008) DOE to Invest up to $7 .3M for 'Deep-Burn' Gas-Reactor Tech R&D .
19 Oct 2009 {http://energy .ihs .com/News/nuclear-power/2008/doe-deep-burn-reactor-rd-050708 .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://energy .ihs .com/News/nuclear-power/2008/doe-deep-burn-reactor-rd-050708 .htm]
US {Department of Energy}[HYPERLINK: http://nuclear .energy .gov/genIV/neGenIV1 .html] .
(2009) Generation IV Nuclear Reactors .
19 Oct 2009 {http://www .world-nuclear .org/info/inf77 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .world-nuclear .org/info/inf77 .html]
Proponents of SCWR also claimed that VHTR produced high volume of nuclear waste which can be a potential source of nuclear weapons for the terrorists .
However , this claim may not be entirely valid because the waste produced , though in high volume , is considered low-level (low in radioactive content) .
The fuel pebbles used in VHTR are also very 'durable' in the sense that it is very difficult to extract the trapped fission products inside which render it a less favorable choice as a nuclear weapon .
There is also another design feature of VHTR that makes it a preferable choice of reactor over SCWR .
In contrast to SCWR which uses water both as the coolant and moderator (a substance that control the fission process) , VHTR uses helium and graphite as coolant and moderator respectively .
This means that if there is a leakage of water in SCWR , the plant will not be able to operate at all .
Next , VHTR has better performance than SCWR in three main aspects .
Firstly , in terms of burn-up rate of the fuel , for VHTR , it is possible to burn up to 65% (US Department of Energy , 2008)of its initial fuel as compared to SCWR which is capable of only burning up to 45% of the initial fuel (Buongiorno , 2003) .
Secondly , due to the high operating temperature of VHTR , the large amount of heat produced can be used for many purposes , ranging from providing domestic energy supplies and refining crude oil , to providing energy for hydrogen production .
This is unlike SCWR , which can only produce electricity .
Hydrogen production ,  an energy--intensive process , is important as hydrogen holds enormous promise as a power source for the future generation .
This is also one point that makes VHTR a more economical plant than SCWR .
Lastly , VHTR uses graphite as the moderator , which according to nuclear experts , is an excellent moderator as compared to water which is used in SCWR (Cogeneration Technologies , 2002) .
VHTR also uses helium gas as the coolant which is an inert gas .
Hence , the plant can be operated at high temperatures without having to worry about corrosion of the plant pipes .
This is different from SCWR , which uses water as the coolant and hence there is a possibility of the pipe's corrosion by water .
Lastly , proponents of SCWR claim that the construction cost of VHTR plant is much higher than SCWR due to its high operating temperature .
This would not be a valid claim if we consider the fact that VHTR is built to operate at a long life span of 60 years (Lee , 2005) which is much longer than that of VHTR .
Hence , this makes it justifiable to spend more money to build VHTR plant .
In conclusion , I would like to reiterate my stand that VHTR is a better reactor design than SCWR in terms of safety , performance and costs , and hence funding should be given to support the research and development of VHTR .
Bibliography
Online Sources
Chang H . Oh .
(2006) Development of Safety Analysis Codes And Experimental Validation For A Very High Temperature Gas-Cooled Reactor 16 Oct 2009 {http://www .inl .gov/technicalpublications/Documents/3311061 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .inl .gov/technicalpublications/Documents/3311061 .pdf]
Nuclear technology has experienced several revolutions in the past fifty years .
The nuclear reactors currently in operation are Generation II and III reactors .
Generation II reactors were first developed in the 1950s , and were widely adopted in the following 40 years .
Generation III reactors , invented in the 1990s , are the most advanced in use nowadays (Wallenius , n .d .) .
However , after the concept of Generation IV reactors were raised by GIF in 2001 (Butler , 2004) , whether governments should solely focus on current nuclear reactors or split the funding for the new generation has become a controversy .
In my opinion , governments should fund the Gen IV reactors , as they possess remarkable advantages in terms of safety , performance and costs relative to the old designs .
Some people claim that Gen II and Gen III reactors are safe enough for operation .
Despite the accident in Chernobly , Ukraine , which was mainly caused by man-made operating errors (Chernobly accident , 2009) , no major accident occurred in the past two decades .
Compared with funding the Gen IV reactors , they think that governments should rather use the money to reinforce the safety of currently operating reactors .
However , malwastions that had the risk of being disastrous happened from time to time .
For instance , in 2006 , part of the Forsmark-1 reactor in Sweden failed to startlbecameesulting in a catastrophic meltdown .
A Belgian reactor experienced a similar problem in the preceding year (Nuclear reactor safety , 2007) .
Such incidents imply that the potential risks of the Gen II and Gen III reactors cannot be ignored .
The Gen IV reactors can significantly change this risky situation .
Take the VHTR reactor as an example .
In this new design , the fuel pellets used in nuclear reaction are fused in graphite pebbles and coated with ceramic layers which effectively prevent the radioactive materials from leaking .
In other words , no radioactive damage will occur even if there is a meltdown (Butler , 2004) .
Therefore , the Gen IV reactors are more reliable than the previous generations .
In order to achieve safer operating environment , government should fund the development of the Gen IV .
reducingthe petrochemicalThough the Generation II and III reactors have been maturely adopted in electricity generation , the drawbacks in their designs largely confine the potential power of nuclear energy .
In order to optimize its power to meet the increasing demand of electricity as well as to maintain long term sustainability , governments should fund the Generation Icomparableinstead of the old generations .
In the 21st century , one of mankind's most pressing problems is the energy crisis .
Fossil fuels , being non-renewable , are being exhausted at a rate faster than it can be replenished .
Hence , in order to solve the energy crisis we need to look for other sources of energy .
Nuclear power is one such example of an energy source .
It is deemed to be much cleaner , greener and more effective than traditional fossil fuels .
This essay will address some issues concerning nuclear generators and other opposing viewpoints .
The main focus will be on a particular Generation-IV reactor , namely the Very-High-Temperature Reactor (VHTR) .
Nuclear power is an important source of energy for the future , hence more funding should be provided for research and development of nuclear reactors .
The third factor that is of concern is costs .
It has been a known fact that nuclear power plants require high-start up costs .
Funds have to be inserted so as to support the high technology machinery and also create a safe environment with proper safety guidelines protecting the reactors .
addition , leaksing licenses have to be bought from the government , so as to ensure safe operation of the nuclear power plants .
Furthermore , in order to fully support our energy needs , a lot more nuclear reactors have to be built around the world (Butler , 2004) .
However , once the basis infrastructure has been laid down , nuclear power turns in to a readily accessible and cheaply rtrue ,erable source of energy (European Physical Society , 2007) .
Hence , it would be able to last us a much longer time compared to fossil fuels .
Furthermore , with 4 of the 6 Generators-IV reactors being able to use reprocessed radioactive waste (Butler , 2004) , it wprocess , no surprise if nuclear power is able to last much longer than we expected .
Hence , it would be logical to support the research and development of nuclear power plants .
expectFinally , the last issue would be on the performanise nuclear reactors .
It is widely known fact that nuclear power is able to produce much more energy compared to traditional fossil fuels .
This is simply due to the nature of nuclear fuel being to produce muchforgy .
Hence , it would be unfair to compare the nuclear generators with traditional powerts .
In this case , comparison should be done between nuclear power plants and those of other renewable sources .
Similarly , nuclear power plants are superior as we can produce nuclear energy constantly whereas basic sources are less predictable .
Furthermore , comparing thintoeration-IV reactors with older nuclear reactors , the new reactors are much more efficient , some of them like the VHTR produce hydrogen at the same time (Butler , 2004) .
Therefore , support should be given to develop nuclear power .
The most awaited Tata's Nana car was finally unveiled at the Auto Expo 2008 .
It was a very proud moment for Tata as it was the cheapest car compared to all other cars found around the world (Massey , 2008) .
The target of Tata was to make a car which most of the citizens in India can afford but it came out to be a big talk among car dealers too .
They were very much surprised by the unique design and  amazed by the stunning price .
It just costs about one lakh (Rs 100 ,000) which is US2500 dollars (Darukhanawala , 2009) .
Although it was a surprising package , both positive and negative arguments about the car were presented at the Auto Expo 2008 .
The main issue discussed was  safety .
There were mixed reviews concerning the safety of TaTa's Nano among car dealers .
The big question raised was whether Tata's Nano was safe to drive on normal roads  .
So , my stand as a reviewer is that Tata's Nano lacks safety .
There are three important reasons for my stand .
Secondly , the car lacks safety features .
It is a big surprise that Tata has just neglected some of the most important features like the airbag , parking sensors , fog lamps and traction controls in its design .
Many who bought the car are complaining especially about the safety aspects of the car .
For example , a citizen of India  stated that there are not enough safety features and that the Nano is a very bad design (Gangadharan , 2008) .
The designer of Nano claims that even designs such as a car without lights and doors were considered during the design process .
This really makes everyone feel that Tata's main intention was to make a cheap car and the safety issue was not a big concern for them .
But their argument was that these features were not a necessity on Indian roads (Massey , 2008) .
However , Tata should realise that the car is not only going to be sold in India but  marketed in other countries .
So , if other countries are not willing to purchase the car because  it lacks safety features , then it will be a big loss for Tata .
Thirdly , there are some flaws in the design .
Only one side mirror is found in the design (Daily Mail , 2008) .
Tata should understand that it is not safe with only one side mirror .
Drivers will definitely have difficulties spotting the vehicles which are coming from behind and this may even lead to accidents .
Besides that , the wheels look small .
It seems that it lacks stability .
So , while travelling on slopes or heavy traffic , it could be dangerous .
There are also complains that the car is not comfortable .
The most important thing to be considered when designing a car is comfort .
The more comfortable the driver feels , the more easy he will find it to drive the car .
Thus the journey will be smooth and accidents could be prevented .
So , clearly it seems that there are some features that need to be changed .
To conclude , Tata's Nano needs modification .
It would be better if tougher materials could be used , more safety features  added and some required changes  done to the current design .
These will really improve the safety aspect of the car .
Tata may argue that these will increase the price of the car .
But I strongly feel that those who want to purchase the car will not mind paying a little more if it is going to provide a safer ride on the roads .
A nuclear reactor is an apparatus that produces nuclear energy by performing nuclear reactions ("Nuclear reactor ," 2009) .
The reactor was invented because of the increasing demand for an alternative source of energy that could substitute crude oil .
Nuclear reactors can produce cleaner and higher energy than  crude oil .
However , there is always an intention for the public to reject the idea of using nuclear reactors .
The public is concerned about safety in the operation of nuclear reactors .
The disaster that happened at Chernobyl , Ukraine , in 1986 is one reason of the public's anxiety .
In the disaster , the nuclear reactor exploded and spread the radioactive debris across Europe .
As a result , thirty one people were killed in  disaster (Butler , 2004) .
Nonetheless , a VHTR (Very-High- Temperature Reactor) , which is one of the generation IV reactor concepts , has the technology to prevent the disaster by using helium as its coolant and by producing waste with low radioactivity .
The VHTR can also produce both electricity and hydrogen through a very efficient process , so the cost of running a VHTR will not be as high as other reactors in the long run .
Therefore , the development of the VHTR should be supported .
First of all , opponents argue that helium , which is used as a coolant in the VHTR , could explode because of the high operating temperature and pressure of the reactor .
This argument may arise because of the lack of knowledge about  helium .
Helium is , in fact , an inert gas .
Therefore , helium will not react with any material due to its stability (Youchison , 1987) .
This is also why helium is widely used to fill blimps .
In addition , helium will not become radioactive as other coolants do when they are exposed to radioactive radiation .
Thus , helium is safe to use as a coolant in VHTR .
Thirdly , critics argue that the nuclear reactors are producing radioactive waste and this waste can harm the environment around the reactors .
It is true that the waste that contains high radioactive material , such as , plutonium , can affect the environment severely .
However , the waste of the VHTR is less radioactive than the other reactors .
The VHTR has high thermal efficiency and high fuel burn up .
This is why the concentration of the heavy metal radioactive matter in the VHTR waste is relatively low .
The waste of the VHTR will then go to a repository after being reprocessed and meeting the certain acceptance criteria (Shropshire , 2004) .
In addition , the operation of the VHTR does not depend on  plutonium reprocessing , which is a controversial issue (Butler , 2004) .
Thus , the VHTR waste is much safer than that of the existing nuclear reactors .
To conclude , in spite of claims that nuclear reactors are dangerous and costly , the VHTR with its improved design , can overcome these issues .
The VHTR can produce electricity and hydrogen efficiently in a much safer way without producing hazardous waste .
Hence , the development of the VHTR should be supported .
Mention nuclear power and the general consensus are fear and rejection , and Chernobyl comes to  mind .
Dirty power , they will say , and it is not worth the risk , despite ironically being much cleaner and powerful than the current fossil fuel-guzzling power plants .
However with the formation of the Generation IV International Forum (GIF) and its six new reactor designs , it is hoped that nuclear power can be tapped upon with full consent of the public .
These reactors , still in the designing and testing phase , excel in areas of sustainability , safety , economics and proliferation resistance (Bouchard and Bennett ,2008) , all which are specially intended to address all issues and challenges that nuclear power faces in a world combating the production of greenhouse gases , but in the safest possible way .
The six new reactors  mainly differ only in their choice of coolant used in the system .
VHTR , being a descendant of the Generation II gas-cooled reactor , uses helium gas .
While a tried-and-tested choice , it is puzzling as there are better coolants proposed among the new designs and yet not favoured .
Helium gas is abundant on the Sun's atmosphere but only at trace levels on the Earth's surface (AIR LIQUIDE , 2009) .
Furthermore its common extraction is from fossil fuels , so one can imagine our source of helium when the oil wells eventually run dry .
In addition , helium is not the only coolant that is chemically inert with the fuel; molten lead is another viable option and is plentiful on the Earth's crust .
Last  but not least , gaseous coolants have low thermal transfer properties , hence requiring an intermediate heat exchange with a larger surface area (Chapin , et al 2004) .
The system core temperatures of LFR can reach up to 500 (Idaho National Laboratory , 2005) , almost 50% lower than that of VHTR and present significant differences in the operations of the plants .
Even though thermal efficiency of LFR is lower , 43% compared to up to 50% for VHTR (OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2000) , it is offset by offering a higher likelihood of reassurance to the public .
The use of low temperature means LFR can actually be built using the current technology , though some improvements may be needed .
Molten lead , compared to helium , is a superior and cheaper heat transfer medium , hence increasing the portability of the power plant by reducing the need for a large intermediate heat exchanger .
One of the reasons why Very High Temperature Reactor is better for funding is because of its safety factor .
Safety factor is heavily considered because if an accident occurs at nuclear reactor sites , it can result in massive releases of radioactivity .
Therefore in this context , safety design in VHTR has been introduced to take care of all the uncertainties and accidents which might occur with the ultimate goal of protecting the environment and people from being exposed to radiological hazards of potential release from the nuclear power plants .
And it includes the development of passive heat removal systems , low power density and easily cool-able geometry .
Helium is used in the heat removal system as a coolant because it is an inert gas and it will not react chemically with any other material .
VHTR will also be equipped with graphite-moderated core with specific design optimizations .
The graphite has tiny pellets of uranium fuel encased in it and they will absorb heat without failing and releasing radioactivity .
As VHTR would be expected to operate at a very high temperature , all these are essential to prevent the reactor from being over-heated .
4 .
The Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory's (INEEL) Nuclear Energy: Powering the Future .
(PDF version) <http://www .usnuclearenergy .org/PDF_Library/INEEL_IV-Generation .pdf>
5 .
Brian D . Hehr (2007) High Temperature Graphite Simulations Using Molecular Dynamics .
(PDF version) <http://www .lib .ncsu .edu/theses/available/etd-05212007-132811/unrestricted/etd .pdf>
However , some experts have pointed out that if such high temperature is stimulated within a reactor , a new hardy alloy may be necessary to protect the inside layer of the reactor .
To get those alloys  would already cost millions .
How about the construction cost of the entire power plant which is still unknown  ?
Furthermore , it is easier and cheaper to build other generation four nuclear reactors compared to VHTR .
For instance , for supercritical water-cooled reactor , it is relatively cheaper to build because it uses water as coolant instead of helium in VHTR .
So , the process of handling the phase change of helium to another state is not needed and this kind of simplification can largely reduce the cost .
When the cost is reduced , cheaper electricity can be provided to the public .
But in terms of performance , VHTR is a more efficient concept compared to others in generation four nuclear reactor concepts .
Even though it might prove costly at the beginning  it pays off well as it produces both electricity and hydrogen fuel instead of electricity only .
High temperature processed in the reactor can be used as a condition to yield hydrogen from sulphur-iodine cycle , which is a series of thermo-chemical processes that will fail without a sufficient source of heat .
Hydrogen fuel produced can be used in vehicles as its onboard fuel .
Also , as it is operating at higher temperature , it produces more electricity compared to the rest .
In conclusion , VHTR is a very promising energy system to provide us electricity and hydrogen cogeneration .
Currently , VHTR development is in the early stages .
There are enormous items left to do in order for this concept to succeed in future .
Therefore , more research and development should be carried out so that in future this concept can become the energy supply for everyone on this earth .
Bibliography
1 .
World Nuclear Organization .
Aug . 2009 .
Generation IV Nuclear Reactors <http://www .world-nuclear .org/info/inf77 .html >
2 .
The Generation-4 Organization .
Mar .
2009 .
2008 GIF Annual Report (PDF version) <http://www .gen-4 .org/PDFs/GIF_2008_Annual_Report .pdf>
3 .
Butler , D . (2004 , May 20) .
Nuclear Power's New Dawn .
Nature , Vol-429 , page 238-240 .
The Chernobyl nuclear accident , which occurred on 26 April 1986 , had resulted in massive radioactive fallout into the atmosphere that affected millions of people .
Because of the catastrophic effects of a nuclear accident , no nuclear reactor has been built since then .
However , as global warming is becoming a more pressing issue , we have now turned to nuclear reactors to provide us clean energy .
Which generation IV nuclear reactor we should choose ?
Although some have chosen lead-cooled fast reactor (LFR) over very-high-temperature reactor (VHTR) because of the various benefits LFR has over VHTR , there is some evidence that VHTR is much better than LFR .
Supporters of LFR claim that LFR is much safer than VHTR .
One of the main reasons for LFR being safer is LFR , which operates at around 550 degree Celsius , has a lower outlet temperature than VHTR , which operates at around 1000 degree Celsius (Butler .
2004) .
It is believed that the higher the temperature , the greater the risk of a nuclear meltdown .
However , VHTR is designed to work at such a high temperatures .
In VHTR , its graphitic core structure , helium coolant , and coated fuel particles allow VHTR to withstand high temperatures (Chapin al te .
2004) .
Thus , it is able to attain thermal stability .
In short , operating at 1000 degree Celsius is not much of a safety issue since VHTR is safe and reliable at high temperature .
Chapin , D . Kiffer , S . Nestell , J .
(2004 , June) .
The Very High Temperature Reactor: A Technical Summary (2009 , Oct 23) .
{http://www .mpr .com/news-and-publications/white-papers/very-high-temperature-reactor .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .mpr .com/news-and-publications/white-papers/very-high-temperature-reactor .pdf]
Brown , N .W .
(2006 , March 30) .
Options for an Early LFR Technology Demonstrator .
U .S Department of Energy (2009 , Oct 23) {http://nuclear .inel .gov/deliverables/docs/early_lfr_option_rev4_1 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://nuclear .inel .gov/deliverables/docs/early_lfr_option_rev4_1 .pdf]
MetalPrice .com .
(2009 , Oct 23) {http://www .metalprices .com/FreeSite/metals/pb/pb .asp}[HYPERLINK: http://www .metalprices .com/FreeSite/metals/pb/pb .asp]
Metallium , Inc .
Elements Product List .
(2009 , Oct 23) {http://www .elementsales .com/pl_element .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .elementsales .com/pl_element .htm]
Loewen , E .R .
Tokuhiro , A .T (2003 , May 9) .
Status of Research and Development of the Lead-Alloy-Cooled Fast Reactor .
Journal of NUCLEAR SCIENCE and TECHNOLOGY , Vol 40 , No8 .p .
614-627(August) .
(2009 , Oct 23) {http://wwwsoc .nii .ac .jp/aesj/publication/JNST2003/No .8/40_614-627 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://wwwsoc .nii .ac .jp/aesj/publication/JNST2003/No .8/40_614-627 .pdf]
In  terms of the coolant used by the two reactors , VHTR is safer than LFR .
LFR uses lead as its coolant .
Lead is corrosive and may form polonium , which is a radioactive substance , when exposed to radioactivity (Loewen al te .2003) .
Given the presence of the radioactive polonium and the corrosiveness of lead , it is not safe to use lead as a coolant .
On the other hand , VHTR uses helium , which is a chemically inert .
Thus , it reduces the safety hazards which can arise due to the corrosion and the irradiation of the coolant .
Supporters of LFR also maintain that LFR is much cheaper than VHTR .
In terms of cost to build the reactor , LFR costs around US$700 million (Neil W . Brown .
2006) while VHTR costs around US$1 .1 billion (Butler .
2004) .
In addition , in terms of the cost of coolant , lead costs around US$0 .24 per 100 grams (MetalPrice .com) while helium costs around US$5 .20 per 100 grams .
In terms of these two factors , LFR is much cheaper than VHTR .
However , there are other factors that will also affect the cost of operating the reactor , such as maintenance costs .
For instance , since VHTR is specially designed to operate under a very high temperature , it will produce hydrogen , which is a source of clean fuel .
The economic production of hydrogen (H2) by thermochemical cycles ,  can reduce the maintenance cost for operating the VHTR .
The final argument advanced by the supporters of LFR is LFR performs much better than VHTR .
Unlike VHTR , LFR will reprocess its nuclear waste .
Thus , LFR can use the nuclear reactant to its maximum before disposing it .
However , recycling of nuclear waste will result in the production of plutonium , which can be used for nuclear weapons (Butler .
2004) .
In fact , United State has refrained from reprocessing of nuclear waste .
Hence , recycling of nuclear waste is not safe in terms of security .
In addition , VHTR is more efficient than LFR .
It is because the higher the outlet temperature , the greater  the efficiency of electrical generation .
As VHTR is operating at a higher temperature , there is an efficient conversion of energy from heat to electricity .
From data , for the same amount of fuel , VHTR could squeeze 50% more electricity compared to conventional plants (Chapin al te .
2004) .
Furthermore , VHTR produces hydrogen fuel that can be used to produce electrical energy .
VHTR generates electrical energy in two ways , from the nuclear reactant directly and from hydrogen fuel .
In conclusion , VHTR is safe because it is designed to attain thermal stability and it uses an inert coolant , which is helium .
In addition , it is cost effective because of its economic production of hydrogen .
Furthermore , it is also efficient because it is operating at a very high temperature .
Hence , it should be evident that VHTR works better than LFR in terms of security , cost and performance .
Since VHTR is one of the better options among the generation IV nuclear reactors and it is feasible , we should invest in and support  further research and development on VHTR .
Bibliography
Butler , D . (2004 , May 20) .
Nuclear power's new dawn .
Nature , 429 , 238-240 .
(2009 , Oct 23) .
The Proliferation Resistance and Physical Protection Evaluation Methodology Expert Group Of the Generation IV International Forum (2006 , Nov 30) .
Evaluation Methodology for Proliferation Resistance and Physical Protection of Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems .
(2009 , Oct 23) .
{http://www .gen-4 .org/Technology/horizontal/PRPPEM .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .gen-4 .org/Technology/horizontal/PRPPEM .pdf]
Cogeneration Technologies (2002) .
Very High Temperature Reactor .
(2009 , Oct 23) .
{http://www .cogeneration .net/Very_High_Temperature_Reactor .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .cogeneration .net/Very_High_Temperature_Reactor .htm]
Energy has always been considered as the national strategy by most countries .
No one can stand on its own without the support of some kind of energy .
Nowadays , we use fossil fuel in most cases , because it is convenience and has low cost of production .
But as the environment issues becomes a high-profile problems and under the situation that this kind of non-renewable resource will be ran out in the near future , people begin to seek some other methods that can support the world as before .
Nuclear energy is one of the most promising energies which can take the place of fossil fuel .
Nuclear is now widely used in many countries and plays a more and more important role in the 21th century .
Recently , according to survey nuclear power produces around 11% of the world's energy needs and could take more proportion in the future .
Another piece of inspirational news is that the Generation VI nuclear reactors will be used in practice in about 10 to 20 years .
This new reactors operating at high temperatures will do improve the efficiency and safety .
That's why US , France and China have already planed to build the plant in order to occupy the dominating position in this new area .
However , among the six types of new reactors the Very High Temperature Reactor is the most appropriate for us to realize actually .
It may become the next major energy .
energy producerreactors ,dominantare safer and more efficienta greatera survey ,AccordingNuclear powerare beginning runThe VHTR , just as it name implies , the temperature needed is as high as 1000 C . This reactor is a graphite-moderated , helium-cooled reactor with a once-through uranium fuel cycle(studsvik) .
VHTR can provide convenientnding features while the rests cannot , or VHTR is an extremely becomeciency reactor with a good security guarantee .
The VHTR system isitsighly ranked inneeds temperatures use of its high nuclear production but also the large hydrogen production , and such kind of by product can also be used in many other industries .
The basic reason is that unwhichuch arest temperature , water can be electrolyzed smoothly , turning into hydrogen and oxygen .
For VHTR , water will be electrolyzed more fully compared with the other ones , so the hydrogen production is the largest .
Actually , according the report from DISCOVERY: VHTR plants could even produce hydrogen for fuel using high-temperature steam electrolysis , which breaks apart the bonds of water molecules; this process is 50 percent more energy-efficient than existing hydrogen production methods .
In 2005 the Department of Energy authorized INL to build a VHTR plant .
The prototype should be completed sometime between 2018 and 2021(New Tech Could Make Nuclear the Best Weapon Against Climate Change , Elizabeth Svoboda) .
In addition , hydrogen is not the only by product , heat and electricity will also be generated during the nuclear processing .
The heat will be transferred to relevant nuclear reactions .
The electricity , of course , will be used as electric power , supplying to the society .
Base on the information form DISCOVER: The VHTR should produce electricity about 40 percent more efficiently than do most reactors in the United States(New Tech Could Make Nuclear the Best Weapon Against Climate Change , Elizabeth Svoboda) .
Then we can conclude that actually the production of electricity is also very large indeed .
In term of safety , firstly , the design takes advantage of the inherent safety characteristics of a helium-cooled .
Helium should be very stable and inert even under high temperature condition , so this kind of inert gas can protect the system during the refrigeration processing .
Secondly , the graphite-moderated core with specific design optimizations can reduce the risk of using VHTR .
Numerous tests and calculations have shown that it is virtually impossible for the this kind of graphite become unstable , self-sustained combustion or incurring ignition will not happen during the process .
Thirdly , the VHTR has a safety characteristic of low decay heat .
That means low system pressure and low thermal energy will store in the core with low power density and easily cool geometry , then decay heat will be dissipated passively by conduction and radiation even under the most severe accident conditions .( . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .)
So the damage of the decay heat will less serious .
The security of VHTR can be guaranteed , because of these three features that protect the system form collapsing .
After more than 20 years of evolution , medical robots have becomee one of the great inventions in this  technology driven world .
In the past , medical robots helped the surgeons to diagnose the patients' internal organs and perform minor surgerys .
But in recent years , due to the technology advancement on the medical robots , prototypes of these robots surgery systems are now able to perform more precise , accurate and complicated surgery , such as reaching for untouchable tissue on the patients with the surgeons controlling them remotely .
Moreover , the surgeons are able to reduce their stress levels while performing surgery and the robotic surgery systems are able to maintain the stability of their arms for long hours of surgery .
However , there are many issues revolving around the use of the robotics surgery system compared to traditional human operated surgery 
The first issue is that the public is concerned that robotic surgery will be expensive . .
This is the first thought that appears in their mind when they heard of such surgery for the first time .
However , this is true for medical fees , especially surgery , and it is even more expensive when compared with traditional methods .
This may be the only disadvantage that the patients are going to have but there are lots of advantages for them if they are willing to use medical robots to perform surgery .
"Patients experience less trauma , blood loss , risk of infection , scarring and pain .
Hospital stays are also generally shorter ."
This is quoted from one article by Debra S . from Reuters .
Another article from Newsweek , reported by Jennifer B . mentioned , "Forbes was walking within hours of his surgery and was discharged the next day .
By midweek he was walking three miles daily .
In 10 days he was back at work .
After three weeks he was playing golf again ."
From these , we can see that patients are definitely benefiting in many ways especially when the they are able to go back to their normal daily life within a  shorter recovery time .
The public is also concerned about the safety and reliability of the robotic surgery system , for example , the system breaking down in the process of surgery .
They are worried if this would have happen to them during surgery .
However , the public can rest assured on this matter because the hospitals have always been doing maintenance of the robotic systems .
As a matter of fact , this is the biggest downside for having a robotic system in the hospitals .
An article in The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists mentioned "The system costs hospitals about $1 .6 million and requires an annual $100 ,000 maintenance contract , according to Dr .
Advincula ."
"Da Vinci system costs $ 1 .4 million and annual maintenance costs of $ 100 ,000 with a lifespan of five years ."
Another article added .
This shows that the hospitals always have engineers around to maintain the robotic systems regularly to prevent any failure from happening .
The last issue of public concern is  that the surgeons are not well trained in controlling the robotic surgery systems .
This is a valid concern as the patients are placing their lives in the surgeons' hands .
However , the public , especially the patients , do not need to worry about this issue , as there is a robotic surgery training center  in Singapore to train the surgeons .
The surgeons are responsible for proper training and follow training standards for using the equipment .
The surgeons are encouraged to have more practices before operating on the patients .
"The more you do , the better you're going to get , said Dr Kevin Zorn" 
In brief , with the advancement of medical technologies , the robotic surgery systems  definitely benefit both the patients and the surgeons .
While the patients are able to recover quickly and return to their normal lifestyle , the surgeons are able to perform more surgery as they spend less time on each patient and requireless manpower in the operating theater .
In my opinion ,  robotic surgery systems help to extend the lifespan of one human being .
Therefore , the public should not fear  the robotic surgery and should have confidencet and trust  the surgeons and the technologies they are using .
The industry of the nuclear power is reviving in the 21st century .
In 2001 , the Generation IV International Forum (GIF) came up with six new concepts for generation IV reactors .
Among these , a concept called "Very-high-temperature reactors" (VHTR) was widely accepted and respected .
However , the accidents of reactor meltdown and explosion that happened in the past makes the public worried about the safe operation of the nuclear reactors .
Chernobyl disaster is a classic example which happened in 1986 at Chernobyl in Ukraine .
The nuclear reactor core exploded and killed more than 30 people immediately and also spoiled the environment from then on (Grigori , 1989) .
Whether it is necessary for the further research and development funding for VHTR therefore becomes a big issue that is being widely discussed .
A number of oppositions are aroused to stop the funding for the six generation IV reactor concepts because of not only the security risk but the inefficiency and the great cost as well .
Despite such concerns and queries , however , the new concept of VHTR does reach the public's requirement in terms of safety , efficiency and cost , and the further research and development funding for it is definitely needed for resolving the energy crisis and also developing new materials and techniques .
meetwere raisedhas becomeThe nuclear power industryVHTR cannot ensure safety .
They probably assume that all nuclear reactors must have great possibility to cause disasters .
However , this is not the fact .
The VHTR concept makes use of a helium-cooled , graphite-moderated core with specific design optimizations (Futterer , 2006) .
As it is well-known , the helium , which is used for coolimadeas inherent safety characteristics to enhance the security of the whole reactor system .
Thus , it largely reduces the possibility to cause explosion or other accidents .
The VHTR system , if successful , will prevent most accidents to occur .
Finally , many people are worried about the high cost of establishing such kinds of the VHTR systems .
This may be true , but the value the VHTR system can raise and the benefit it will obtain cannot be ignored .
Firstly , the VHTR system can largely contribute to easing the energy throughis that is widely spread all over the world , which could save a large amount of financial budgets .
As Butler (2004) mentioned , the very high temperature reactors can be used to sp hydrogen from water thermochemically , which can meet the need for hydrogen fuel of the future .
As the energy crisis becomes worse , the energy demand will cause US nation's oil imports by 78% without a proper method to convert water into hydrogen .
Therefore , the VHTR system has the positive potential of reducing the rising rate of the oil fuel and resolving the problem of the energy shortage .
In addition , the VHTR system has a perfect design for the waste recycling .
The fuel used in the VHTR system is uranium dioxide or uranium carbide pellets called TRISO fuel .
It is difficult to remove the product because the pellets are durable , and this design discourages weapon proliferation , which makes the waste easy to concentrate and recycle .
(Stanley , 2007) According to the figure given in Butler's journal , the VHTR system produces no waste because it goes directly to repository .
Hence , such a design for the waste recycling can reduce the cost for the waste processing .
Furthermore , a number of researches are needed to develop the VHTR system , including new materials such as heat resistance , and new techniques such as temperature control .
Once these researches have been done , it is not only the VHTR system will benefit , but also many other industries .
Therefore , the great value and benefit from developing the concept of VHTR is far more than the high cost it requires .
It is necessary for the further research and development funding for VHTR .
The first generation of nuclear reactors was built in 1950 .
Since then , continuous researches has been done to produce a better generation of nuclear reactors .
There are 436 active nuclear power plants in the world and 53 nuclear power plants are under construction .
Nuclear power plants represent more than 70 percent of our non-carbon generated electricity and consist of 17% of our world total energies consumption .
The benefits and usages of nuclear power plants are undeniable .
Nuclear power plants have been widely deployed in many leading countries in the world such as United States , Japan , and China which use the nuclear power plants as one of their main power sources to propel the energy industry .
The usage of the nuclear power plants is widely recognized and they are being integrated as part of those countries' promising energy sources .
Nuclear energy is the most concentrated source in terms of energy generation .
One kilogram of uranium can release the same amount of energy as that released by 2400 tons of standard coal .
It is a good alternative energy source which not only reduces the greenhouse effect ,but also helps solve the problems of limited fossil fuels .
For countries with limited natural resources , nuclear power plants serve as a dependable energy source .
According to the report from GIF (Generation IV International Forum) , tripling the number of nuclear power plants worldwide to 1000 plants could avoid the production of 1 billion tons of carbon emission per year by 2055 .
Nuclear power  is deemed to be a promising energy source for the future .
However , the nuclear leak incidents which  happened in the past few decades in countries such as Three Miles Island , Pennsylvania , Chernobyl in Ukraine , and Bhopal in India have posed doubts on the reliability of the nuclear reactors .
"It is unlikely that we can meet our aggressive climate goals if we eliminate nuclear power as an option .
However , before an expansion of nuclear power can be considered , key issues must be addressed including: security of nuclear fuel and waste , waste storage , and proliferation ."
Obama said in his energy plan that addressing certain key issues are needed before deciding to build more nuclear plants .
In response to this , the creation of the Generation IV International Forum (GIF) came into being .
It is an organization formed by 9 leading countries in the world: Canada , China , Euratom  , France , Japan , Republic of Korea , South Africa , Switzerland , and United States .
The organization tries to resolve security issues posed by the current nuclear reactors .
100 international experts from GIF and other world leading nuclear power plant research centers have gathered together to find the most promising nuclear systems .
This led to the proposals of the six Generation IV Systems which offer the most promising performance , in terms of sustainability , proliferation resistance and physical protection , safety and reliability , and cost .
The six Generation IV Systems are being designed to counter the problems faced by the current nuclear reactors .
These state-of-the-art nuclear reactors will be able to minimize nuclear wastes and reduce the long-term stewardship burden posed by traditional nuclear reactors .
They have integrated safety design and back-up systems to prevent accidents due to human errors and carelessness , therefore reducing the likelihood and degree of vector core damage .
Besides that , the new designs will have a much better life-cycle cost advantage over other energy sources .
The most important thing is that , they will not be an attractive route for diversion or theft of weapon-usable materials .
The physical protection of the new nuclear reactors will also prevent  acts of terrorism .
The six Generation IV Reactor are revolutionary designs of nuclear reactors .
Out of the six proposals  in the Generation IV Reactor , Very- High-Temperature Reactors (VHTR) stands out for its potential capability to achieve an excellent thermal performance .
This is the only reactor that is researched by all the partner countries in GIF .
It is technically realizable and technologically well established by vendors and national laboratories .
The great breakthrough in the research also suggests that the VHTR does not require intermediate refueling , therefore eliminating the likelihood of accidents .
The reactor operates by using a high temperature exchanger and electrical heater to avoid efficiency penalty and  enable the generation of electricity and hydrogen at the same time .
It iss also known that the ultra-long life VHTR systems can be developed with the use of minor actinides (MA) .
The Generation IV Reactor will be established after 2030 .
With today's high demand of energy sources , one can say that nuclear energy is an inevitable energy source of the future  .
Many people mistakenly equate nuclear power to nuclear weapons although , in fact , they are in basically different categories .
Nuclear power , for a long time , has been one of the most useful inventions that served the people .
The Generation IV International Forum , which was attended by  the ten nations specialising in nuclear power ,  introduced the six new reactor concepts ("Nuclear power's new dawn ," 2004) .
One of them , the Molten Salt Reactor , has a prospective application though there are several objections with respect to safety , cost and performance .
The first opinion that opposes the building of nuclear plants is the people's fear of danger .
Some think that nuclear plants emit radioactive waste into the environment , which may cause both pollution and genetic mutation; others are afraid of the safety system , meaning the plants might explode easily .
These thoughts are due to the history of some nuclear accidents , for example , the meltdown of a nuclear plant at Three Miles Island in Pennsylvania .
However , nuclear power as well as the new Molten Salt Reactor system , in fact , is safer and useful .
According to Declan Butler (2004) , the Molten Salt Reactor system mainly uses fluoride salts , which also belong to heat-and corrosion-resistant materials , as coolant , which can operate for a very long time and is also  safe and reliable .
The salts can keep the reactor's temperature at around 700 oC , which is acceptable in comparison with the others .
One advanced benefit from this system is its low pressure so that the reactor wall can handle good protection .
Another advantage of nuclear power is its green emission .
Current nuclear plants (known as Generation III) and also future ones emit only hot steam while other electricity producers like coal plants pollute the environment with CO2 and SO2 .
In short , the Molten Salt Reactor system is safe to operate and friendly to the environment .
Some people relate nuclear plants to buildings for research rather than for producing electricity , and the cost for producing is high .
In fact , among other Generation IV Reactors as well as electricity generators , the Molten Salt Reactor seems to be the cheapest way to produce electricity  .
This is because the coolant (molten salts) is cheap and recyclable .
Molten salts can be easily found in nature , and the purification technology used for them is simple and less costly than , for instance , lead-bismuth , sodium and helium .
Osman Kemal Kadiroglu (2006) noted that the cost for the same amount of power produced by nuclear plants is cheaper than any other power generation technologies .
He compared them in terms of the availability to build , cost to produce power and area of land occupied .
For example , the cost (in US dollars for fuel used per Megawatt-hour energy is $5 for nuclear and $11 for coal plants ("The Virtual Nuclear Tourist ," 2005) .
A nuclear plant can be built anywhere , which does not require natural resources .
Other sources of energy need natural resources to operate: swift water flow for dams , strong blast for wind turbines , sun beam for solar panels .
Hence , their availability to build up is limited .
Besides , land used for a nuclear plant is less than other alternatives .
Solar or wind power need a lot of land to produce the same amount of energy .
In conclusion , nuclear power is safe , clean and effective , which most  people seem to forget .
With the cheap , safe , recyclable , low pressure , having-additional-produce and high performance properties of the Molten Salt Reactor system , it is one of the most potential electricity generators for the future .
Work cited
Butler , D . (2004 , May 20) .
Nuclear power's new dawn .
Nature , 429 , 238-240 .
Osman Kemal Kadiroglu .
(2006 , March 16) .
Nuclear power vs . coal burning .
Retrieved October 14 , 2009 , from http://en .allexperts .com/q/Nuclear-Power-2462/Nuclear-Power-vs-Coal .htm
Roger G . Steed .
(2007) .
Nuclear Power in Canada and Beyond .
Canada: General store Publishing House .
The Virtual Nuclear Tourist .
(2005 , December 20) .
Cost Comparison for Nuclear vs . Coal .
Retrieved October 14 , 2009 , from http://www .nucleartourist .com/basics/costs .htm
Wina Graus , Monique VoogtJan & Willem Langeraar .
(2004) .
Ranking Power: Scorecards Electricity Companies .
Retrieved October 14 , 2009 , from http://www .worldwildlife .org/climate/Publications/WWFBinaryitem4919 .pdf
One of the Achilles' heels of nuclear power plants is the dangers of radioactive radiation leakage to the environment .
Areas around such power plants become environmentally hostile to human and wildlife health .
Unfortunately for nuclear power plants , the Chernobyl nuclear incident has convinced the public to not support nuclear plants .
However , the government is pushing for a new generation IV technology that is safer and ensures that the Chernobyl event does not happen again .
Generation IV nuclear reactor plants promises higher redundancy , higher efficiency , better safety features than its predecessors .
The main objective in this new technological research is to search for cost effective and sustainable solutions to nuclear power (Hejzlar ,2005) .
In this essay , we shall discuss the advantage of Lead cooled Fast Reactor (LFR) over Sodium cooled Fast Reactor (SFR) on the aspects of safety , cost and performance .
IThe LFR has better safety features compared to SFR .
The eldangerodium has a low boiling point of 1156 Kelvins , compared to lead's higher 2023 Kelvins , which is dangerous it becomes overheated and starts to boils(Hejzlar , 2009) .
In the event of an unprotected total loss of power , the LFR's core is able to passively quickly cool down , due to its low pressure drop and simple coolant design (Tucek , 2005) .
Compared to the SFR , it has a high pressure drop and thus its temperature would increase dangerously beyond its bpromiseoint .
Additional safety devices have toand betterplemented (Hejzlar , 2009) .
On another note , the low reactivity and inertia of lead allows safe removal of fuel if the fuel rod pins fail during installation .
On the other hand , lead can become radioactive and therefore harmful to life during refueling when the Kelvin exposed .
While research is beingKelvino control the lead's because itdioactivity , it is assuring that rboiling is done every 8 years in large plants and every 15 years in smaller plants .
The risk of radioactive leakage is therefore minimal over its span of usage .
Cost has become a very important criterion in the world today; in this case , the LFR fits the bill very well .
Considering the economics of scale , the cost of building materials such as steel and concrete will increase significantly , hence the size of nuclear plant has become a consideration .
The LFR's smaller core and lesser required cooling systems , such as the omission of an intermediate cooling link , saves significant building costs as compared to SFR .
In fact , the lead/bismuth-cooled SVBR-75/100 is the cheapest to build amongst other types of fast reactors .
(Hejzlar , 2009) Furthermore , it costs less per kWh of electricity compared to SFR .
Another strong advantage is the scalability of LFR that allows it to be used in developing and hard to reach places , for instance , Africa .
(Tucek , 2005)
On the contrary , the research on the use of pure leis therefored of a lead-bismuth cooling agent may outweigh the economic benefits of LFR .
It is also important to note that if SFR's research on reassuringtivity of sodium is successful , a better cost saving SFR power plant can be built (Zhao , 2009) .
Also , the SFR is projected to launch 10 years earlier than LFR .
For the time being , LFR has the advantage of having to cost less today .
In e performance capability of LFR does not disappoint .
LFR do neconomiese maintaining high pressures in the core unlike SFR .
Also LFR has better fuel efficiency than SFR as LFR has lesser a nuclear plantr , 45kW/kgHM compared to 65kW/kgHM of the SFR .
(Tucek , 2005) .
lessOn the other handFR does have some good points .
Sodium is four times more effective as a cooling agent than LFR , because of its better thermal hydraulic properties .
(Tucek , 2005) .
Furthermore , SFR has better net efficiency than LFR , 46 .2% versus 34 .6% for the latter .
SFR has been the mainstream for nuclear power plants inbe launchedast years and therefore more familiar and accepted .
However research is ncosting the capability of sodium in high temperatures , as it has a low boiling point , which will result in a complex design .
atis thereforeAll in all , the overwhelming advantages of LFR as a future implementation of the new generation IV nuclear plant , proves that it is better than the SFR in all of the above aspects .
Therefore , we should push for development of LFR nuclear power plants .
According to statistics provided by the World Coal Institute , the remaining coal and natural gases reserves will only be able to last us for around 122 years and 42 years respectively .
Due to vast development and urbanization in both developed and developing nations , these resources are rapidly depleted to generate electricity in power plants .
Hence , to meet the world's energy needs , scientists are re-addressing the potential benefits of harnessing power through nuclear reaction , in which uranium is split to release energy .
The Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) based its operations on the concept of generating electricity through such a process .
As a result of operating at a very high temperature , 900 degree Celsius , the VHTR functions at 50% higher thermal efficiency which allows it to generate more electricity .
Moreover , the processed heat that the nuclear reactor produces can also be used in other industrial areas such as hydrogen production , water desalination and the treatment of crude oil (Jacques , 2008) .
Despite the apparent benefits from harnessing energy through VHTR , the public continues to harbor doubts over the reliability and effectiveness of this technology .
Environmentalists claim that green energy such as solar , wind and hydro energy are the trusted technologies which we should focus our research and funds on in meeting the increasing energy needs .
While it is understandable that such technologies are everlasting , cheap and clean to adopt as resources used are free and renewable and the processes do not emit any harmful materials into the environment , we notice that these technologies cannot be readily implemented throughout the world .
This is because they rely heavily on weather conditions which vary drastically according to location and time or may be even unpredictable at times .
On the other hand , with its simple design and high efficiency , it is fairly cheap to build and operate the VHTR .
The VHTR can be built anywhere on an empty plot of land .
The fact that uranium is also widely available in ample supply is in contrast to the trend of the rapidly depleting coal and natural gases reserves .
Henceforth , nuclear power has limitless potentials for us to look into and the cost of its usage is fairly cheap .
To conclude , nuclear energy is relatively cheap , environmentally and socially responsible , and safe to use .
Most of the participating nations and organizations of the Generation IV International Forum are supportive of this new technology and they have pooled US$500 million over the next 5 years to fund its further research and development (Jacques , 2009) .
It is imperative for us to accept and embrace this new form of technology in order to meet the world's increasing energy demand .
An accident is often an unintended action which results in vast effects .
One example will be the Chernobyl disaster which occurred in 1986 during a non-routine operation .
There was a sequence of events that caused the explosion of reactor number 4 that led to the release of radioactive fission products to the atmosphere .
This resulted in many deaths , including those who died from the accident , those firefighters and majority who were exposed to radiation .
(Chernobyl .info) There were a number of reports published that summarized this accident , concluding that the sequence of events was due to human error and design faults .
There are arguments that the lack of knowledge of the operators and the technical failure of equipment could not be solved with the application of psychology .
However , it seems otherwise since psychology is a study of the human mind or behavior .
This incident occurred during a non-routine operation to test the ability of the turbine , in times of power failure , to produce sufficient power .
For that , all backup systems were switched off to avoid disturbance .
One main factor that resulted in the explosion was the activating of the emergency button by operators .
The operators were inadequately trained .
They did not know that with the activation of the button , there will be a sudden surge of power before dropping reactivity .
It is thus argued that psychology may not be helpful in this case as the behavior of the operators is beyond the control of the design engineers .
Even so , many still think that psychology may not come in handy in preventing accidents  , especially when it is due to technical faults .
In the Chernobyl case , the positive coefficient of the reactor is one major technical fault .
This characteristic will cause reactors to be unstable at low power levels .
It was due to the instability of the reactor that there was this rapid power increment resulting in explosions .
(Engineering .com) Despite this dangerous feature , engineers still chose this type of reactor as they deemed it as the best choice .
Another fatal technical fault was the chosen design of the control rods .
These control rods will cause a sudden surge in power before reducing reactivity .
It was thus argued that psychology is not useful as engineers were aware of the consequences but there was no better solution .
While it may be true that there was no better choice with the level of technology then , the engineers could have improved the designs .
According to Wolfgang Botsch , a similar error with the positive coefficient of the reactor had already occurred in Lithuania in 1983 .
However , sadly , this experience was not passed down to the design crew of Chernobyl .
Therefore , it is not right to say that the reactor was the best choice to be used in the plant .
If they had adopted the use of psychology , they might have reviewed safety records of that type of reactor in the industry before deciding on it .
Furthermore , the typical approach by the engineers to find solutions often starts with a fixed plan with the application of their knowledge .
However , in this process , there may be partial failures in the system which the engineers failed to identify and were thus unable to improve safety of the system .
Therefore , a systematic thinking is recommended , where engineers constantly analyze their own approach and decisions so as to take corrective action to improve the safety of the whole system .
By doing so , we are adopting the path of feedforward control of safety .
This is preferred to making corrections only after an accident has occurred .
It will be too late .
This evaluation is also part of psychology application , where the mistakes from the engineers are reduced as much as possible to safeguard the complex high hazard system .
(Wilpert .B , 2007)
It should be evident that psychology plays a huge role in the design process in order to ensure the safety of the system .
A serious disaster is usually caused by a series of events such as the case with Chernobyl .
After the incident , corrective actions are done but these are feedback controls of safety .
The path of feed forward control of safety should be adopted instead .
This emphasizes much on the use of psychology in the design process .
Engineers should anticipate the end users' behavior , reducing the complexity of the system while implementing safety measures .
With that , the disaster could have been prevented .
Men have always wanted to fly freely since the realization of aeroplane , therefore , being able to travel great distances with freedom of route and comfort has since been the aim of the transportation industry .
Back in 1940 , Henry Ford , chairman of Ford Motor Company , said , "Mark my words , a combination airplane and motor is coming .
You may smile , but it will come .
"(Moller , 2008) In year 2008 , the prototype of Skycar , priced at over US$3million , was invented and put on sale via the auction site , eBay(Techchee , 2007) .
Its developer , Moller International regarded the invention as the future of transport .
Being able to take-off and land vertically with very little noise , it soon attracted the attention of not just the US Army but also rich businessmen who can rely on it to travel to different places at ease(Yahoo , 2009) .
a auto-releasingThe safetySome consumers commentremarkede structure and shape of the Skycar should be modified as it looks weird and seems to be out of logic .
However , do these people know that the structure of the Skycar is designed to provide the best aerodynamic stability ?
Although the designers modified the airfoil at the expense of rising it's cost , if the vehicle were to be less stable , will the consumer still be interested in the product ?
From various examples and historical facts , we can safely say that most consumers will not purchase a producty features that are up to standard .
Therefore , where design safety is concerned , it is of the utmost importance .
The Skycar has since passed it flight test and awaiting its approvedraisingthe Federal Aviation Administration to be recognised as commercial vehicle .
As the market of such vehicle grows , mass production is likely to take place which will in turn lower its cost price .
In near future , we should be able to purchase one at the price of a regular car .
The rapid development of countries and expansion of population have created a world that is increasingly unable to meet the demand of energy .Additionally , fossil fuel is criticized as the main contributing factor for green house gas effect .
As such , there is a pressing need to search for alternative renewable forms and energy which is comparatively more eco-friendly and highly effective .
In such a context , nuclear energy created by using the Generation IV (Gen IV) reactor is able to replace  fossil fuel , which is believed to be the main cause of global warming .
One such reactor is the Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) which can "supply electricity and process heat to a broad spectrum of high-temperature and energy-intensive processes"  .
Some may argue , with skepticism , that the safety issues of this reactor are still imminent and hence , nuclear power should not be supported .
However , in my opinion , on the whole , the benefits gained from VHTR will far exceed the problems created .
Some skeptics feel that the building of VHTR is a risky investment , complaining that VHTR is an expensive source of energy , hence unfeasible .
Yet , although the fixed cost of building is high , it is myopic to merely look at the short run cost while neglecting the long run benefit .
Due to low maintenance , the fixed cost would be lower in the near future  .
Zheng L . reported that China is planning to install nuclear power capacity of 86 gigawatts by 2020 , up nearly 10 fold from the capactity it had by the end of 2008 .
The fact that China , one the world largest consumers of energy , is willing to spend high proportion of money for this project shows the  long run benefit that nuclear power can bring about , especially since the Chinese government has been always very pragmatic .
The final argument advanced by the opponent is that while high temperature makes electricity and hydrogen production easier , it also poses a threat of explosion .
For example , two incidents-an accident in 1979 in which the reactor core lost coolant and partially melted , and the 1986 catastrophe in which a reactor exploded and released radioactivity into the atmosphere(Sandra M) greatly increased concerns about the safety of nuclear power .
Yet , VHTR is actually still safe and reliable to operate , with improved accident management and mitigation and reduced off-side response with little human intervention .
Last but not least , some will question why helium with low thermal conductivity is chosen as its coolant given that some other coolant , for instance molten salt , allows better electric conversion efficiency than a helium-cooled VHTR operating at similar conditions .
However , the selection of coolant is based on many factors .
First , "helium gas provides a nonreacting cooling medium with a low nuclear cross section that can either directly drive a turbine for power production , or can be directed to process" (Gen IV) .
Second , VHTR uses helium as a coolant for safety purposes .
Helium is an inert gas , so it will not chemically react with any material , and exposing helium to radiation does not make it radioactive , unlike most other possible coolants .
Balancing all these factors , Helium is still the overall best coolant .
Hence , this selection proves the safeness of VHTR .
Thomas Malthus , a famous demographer , published a theory that population growth will eventually outstrip resources .
Hence , the research for alternative energy is necessary .
Although there is certain undenied limitation of VHTR , I am strongly convinced that with the current technology advances , the limitation will be solved .
With more funds channeled into research into  this  area , the potential of VHTR could be maximized .
The most common method of power generation for close to 150 years requires the burning of fossil fuels such as oil or coal .
However , the byproducts from the burning of fossil fuels , greenhouse and acidic gases , have caused much devastation to our planet .
Perhaps a solution to save our planet will be to use a cleaner energy source -- nuclear power which does not emit any harmful gases .
The Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) is a Gen IV reactor that shows great promise and potential .
However , detractors of nuclear power cited the risk of another catastrophic accident , the proliferation of nuclear arms , the lower thermal efficiency of nuclear plants and the high cost of building a plant .
This article will attempt to justify the merits of funding further research on VHTR through refuting the detractors' claims in terms of safety , performance and cost .
Thesis Statement
Moreover , detractors have argued that the high temperature generated in nuclear reactors is not fully utilized anconventional non-nuclear energy generation methods have better perfohavence in terms of theraboutl efficiency .TS ERecently ,r plants have thermal efficiency of approximately 33% (Olander , 2009) compared to 70% and above forr non-nuclear power plants .
Firstly , the VHTR operates at close to 1000 C compared tproducing nuclear00  C in current nuclear reactors .
This higher temperature translates to the extraction of 50% more energy from the same amount of fuel (Butler , 2004) .
Improved engineering and design will further increase the thermal efficiency of the power plant in the future .
Secondly , although the thermal efficiency of nuclear plants is lower , the actual amount of power generated per unit mass of fuel is actually much higher than that of fossil fuels .
Hence the method of using thermal efficiency for comparison is not practical .
Lastly , because of the higher temperature , it is possible to produce hydrogen gas from water thermochemically (Elder and Allen , 2009) .
There is a demand for hydrogen gas which may become a fuel for cars in the future .
Therefore , the VHTR design is superior as it produces more energy and hydrogen gas
Another objection is raised by the taxpayers; they are not convinced with the heavy investment of building a nuclear plant .TS A nuclear plant costs on average , a billion dollars and is designed with a lifespan of sixty yes (Butler , 2004) .
Although the price is high , the nuclear plant will not produce any greenhouse or acidic gases .
Acid rain had caused deforestation and affected fisheries , the damages amounts to millions per year .
Global warming has been linked to the more frequent occurrence of natural disasters .
These disasters created uncountable losses in terms of damage to infrastructure , economy and lives .
In rebuttal to the "limited lifespan" of the nuclear plant , in sixty years , this nuclear plant will have produced much cheaper electricity and caused less harm to the environment .
These two advantages are definitely significant .
On March 27 , 1977 , the world's worst aviation accident happened in Tenerife , a Spanish island .
Due to the previous terrorism attack at another airport , excessive planes were diverted to the Tenerife airport .
The collision involved two Boeing 747s , KLM and Pan Am; KLM took off while Pan Am was still on the runway .
Many factors such as foggy weather contributed to the accident; however , the most significant causes are considered to be the ambiguous phraseology in the comment "We are uh taking off" or "We are at takeoff" from KLM and the single channel radio which made the crucial readback for clearance lost in radio squelch (Kilroy , n .d .) .
The accident happened mainly due to the KLM pilot's taking off without clearance (Kilroy , n .d .) .
Proponents may argue that with the input of psychology , the designers of the airport should have anticipated such possible dangers and stricter laws to insist on proper phraseology and check for clearance should have been put into use .
Granted , emphasis on proper phraseology might have improved the situation .
However , since the staff were working in a stressful environment , it is highly likely that they would have used improper phraseology subconsciously .
According to Karl Weick , professor of psychology at the University of Michigan , people tend to depend on what they are first taught and use most frequently under pressure .
Applied to Tenerife , the captain was a training pilot who was most familiar with the ambiguous word "takeoff" and the controller was Spanish who spoke with a strong accent (Weick , 1993) .
Hence miscommunication could still happen , having the tense situation of Tenerife in mind .
Moreover , even with the relatively stricter rules implemented after the accident , miscommunication still causes accidents such as the Garuda A300 Airbus crash in Sumatra (McMillan , 1998) .
For takeoff regulation , it is the first officer's responsibility to obtain ATC clearance and oversee the captain .
However , the first officer on KLM misunderstood the controller .
What is worse , the KLM captain wanted to take off without ATC clearance , and then took off before readback was completed after the suspension of his decision by the first officer to ask for clearance .
In addition , when the flight engineer doubted the clearance of the Pan Am on the taxiway , both the captain and the first officer ignored his query (ALPA (Air Line Pilots Association) , n .d .) .
With such poor cooperation between the aviators , the use of psychology might still have failed .
Other than human errors , the Tenerife accident is also a combination of various accidental factors .
Firstly , the terrorism attack was difficult to predict .
For the technical part , the centerline lights were out of operation which diimposed stricterhe two planes from seeing each other; the single channel radio made the response inaudible and there was no ground radar (ALPA , n .d .) .
Besides , the thick fog formed worsened the situation .
The adoption of psychology in design might have taken a few of the factors into consideration , but it was unlikely to have anticipated al and hence there would still be potential hazards .
Furthermore , the terrorism attack would reduce the effectiveness of improvements in equipment .
The airport was so crowded that the normal routines were blocked (Weick , 1993) .
With the combination of the fact that the controllers were bad at English and unfamiliar with handling Boeing 747s (Weick , 1993) , there was a high chance that accident would happen even with contingency plans .
In fact , the Pan Am was told to turn at exit C-3 which was impossible for a 747 so the captain decided to turn at C-4 and collided with KLM between C-3 and C-4 exits (ALPA , n .d .) .
Human beings have come across severe energy problems in the 21 century .
Scientists have put in a lot effort to the development in nuclear energy which is one of the major modern energy resources nowadays .
Nuclear energy is the kind of energy released by the splitting or merging together of the nuclei of atoms .
It is one of the clean and renewable energy which can help us solve the emergent problems of energy shortage .
However , some accidents during the decades of the use of nuclear energy resulted in many people worrying about their safety with nuclear energy around them .
For example , on April 26th 1986 , the leak and explosion in the nuclear power plants of Chernobyl (Butler , 2004) .
There are still many problems remaining .
But from my point of view , I believe nuclear energy can make much more benefits than the lost .
Hence we should pay great attention to and make rational use of nuclear energy .
The first reason some people are afraid of nuclear energy is because they cannot get rid of the influof effortfintoccidents like Chernobyl and Three Mile Island (Butler , 2004) .
But , something they mayclear about is in the half century of Nuclear Age , only about one or two deaths per year are attributed by nuclear energy accidents .
Compared withenergy sources the number of coal mine accidents deaths is much largerit reaches 7530 per year .
Besides that , nuclear power plants are safer than coal mines due to the reason that designers and engineers use the high-tech in buildinthen , for example ,lant and there are strict rules of operation .
So it is easier to guarantee the safety of nuclear power plants because if workers follow the regulations , no accidents will be caused .
Comparatively spebringg , many illegal coal minethoseith simple and crude facilities are still running underground .
It is the real hazard trouble .
And consider with one of the six generation IV reactor (A Technology Roadmaop , 2002) , lead-cooled fast reactors; scientists are trying to use lead-bismuth as new coolant .
It can keep nuclear reactor operating under lower temperature and pressure .
Thus it will make the nuclear core even safer .
From the above reasons , we can see that nuclear energy is not as dangerous as people expect , contrarily , it is one of the safest energy humans being can use in modern society .
the governmentand couldIn conclusion , nuclear energy is not dangerous to human being so thawasteshould make full use of nuclear energy to benefit the whole preventingnd .
It is said that the world's population will expand from the current 6 billion to around 10 billion by the year 2050 (GIF , 2002) , which will push us into an even more serious energy shortage position unless we successfully find new kinds of energy as soon as possible .
In fact , human beings have been seeking for the solution to energy issues for a long time .
So far we have already developed solar energy , wind energy , nuclear energy and many others .
However , none of these can be the ideal energy to us now due to the technological problems , economic concerns , or potential dangers .
Among all these new kinds of energy , nuclear energy is regarded as the most controversial one which has been the hotspot since its appearance .
Whether to develop and promote the use of nuclear energy has triggered firm discussion among both experts and common people .
In my opinion , we should give more support to nuclear development because of its high efficiency , none-greenhouse-gas emission and its valuable by-products during the reaction .
Some opponents may argue that other kinds of energy can also be environmentally friendly , such as solar energy and wind force .
There is no need to spend so much on nuclear energy development .
However , in terms of efficiency and economic value , nuclear energy has great advantages over both solar energy and wind force .
The Generation reactors are expected to increase the efficiency of electricity production to as high as 50% while the efficiency of solar energy is no more than 40% in the lab (U .S . Department of Energy , 2006) which means its actual efficiency of industrial application will be even lower .
Besides this , in the process of nuclear reaction , a large amount of hydrogen can be generated for the use in petroleum refinement and also as new advanced fuel in transportation (Vilim , 2007) .
It is said that for America , the energy demand of transport alone will cause increase of oil imports by 78% by the end of 2025 if it does not switch its dependence on oil to hydrogen (Butler , 2004) .
So the Very-High-Temperature-Reactor (VHTR) is believed to play an important role in America's energy crisis , because it can help to reduce the dependence on oil for its over 2 million normal cubic meters hydrogen production per day .
Though solar energy and wind force can also contribute to environment protection , nuclear energy indeed has its unique advantages which they cannot rival  .
R . B . Vilim (2007) .
{Interface Design Studies for the Production of Hydrogen Using the VHTR Coupled to the HTSE Process}[HYPERLINK: http://www .inspi .ufl .edu/icapp07/program/abstracts/7529 .pdf] .
2007 International Congress on Advances in Nuclear Power Plants (ICAPP 2007) .
Apart from this , opponents may be worried that the nuclear reactors would become the target of terrorists because of disastrous consequences after its ruin .
However , the new advanced feature of VHTR can effectively protect itself from the damage of terrorists .
Normally , the terrorists attempt to make an accident by shutting off the coolant or power supply of the system .
But they will not expect that the meltdown proof in VHTR can cool itself down when accidents happen and minimize the interaction with human beings (Butler , 2004) .
So , nuclear reactor would not be a desirable target for terrorists any more .
Besides these two points , there is a common concern among both experts and common people .
It is the health damage triggered by radioactivity .
First , we need to know the fact that most radioactive mass called plutonium waste is mainly produced during the reprocessing step .
However , in the VHTR system , the waste will go to repository directly instead of undergoing the waste recycling .
This can reduce the radioactivity of plutonium to a certain extent .
Furthermore , nowadays most nuclear reactors are built quite far from cities , so people do not need to worry too much about the effect of radioactivity .
To sum up , the Generation reactors have made great improvements compared to the older generation ones in terms of both technology and safety features .
On one hand , nuclear energy has the advantage of high efficiency , non--greenhouse-gas emission and the by-product hydrogen , which is supposed to be another ideal energy .
On the other hand , the fact that nuclear power plants contribute about 16% electricity to the world , which is the largest share among all the new developed energy sources (NEA , 2006) , indicates that nuclear power has become more and more essential to human beings .
Given both the advantages of nuclear energy and the current situation , it is practical and urgent for us to put concerted efforts to the development of nuclear energy .
Reference
GIF .
(2002) .
A Technology Roadmap for Generation Nuclear Energy Systems .
Retrieved October 26 , 2009 , from {http://www .ne .doc .qov/qen/documents/gen_iv-roadmap .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .ne .doc .qov/qen/documents/gen_iv-roadmap .pdf]
U .S . Department of Energy .
(2006) .
New World Achieved in Solar Cell Techonology .
Retrieved October 26 , 2009 , from {http://www .energy .gov/news/4503 .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .energy .gov/news/4503 .htm]
Butler , D . (2004 , May 20) .
Nuclear power's new dawn .
Nature , 429 , 238-240 .
NEA .
(2006) .
Nuclear Power Plant: Status and Operations .
Retrieved October 26 , 2009 , from {http://www .nea .fr/html/general/profiles/canada .html#nppstatus}[HYPERLINK: http://www .nea .fr/html/general/profiles/canada .html#nppstatus]
There are claims and myths that the Lithium ion rechargeable batteries that power the EV will explode and cause massive damage to the vehicle and the driver .
To ensure safety , carmakers are rigorously testing their batteries .
Nissan and Mitsubishi , for instance , expose the batteries to extreme temperatures , continuously charge and discharge the batteries , and smash them to experiment real road accidents (Rowley and Hall , 2009) .
Besides that , carmakers also improve the materials of the battery to minimize the risk of overheating .
An anti-impact cage is added to shield the battery from being crushed .
In order to prevent over charging and discharging , advanced microchips will be used to monitor the batteries' capacity .
With these improvements , Osamu Masuko , president of  Mithubishi Motors says that gasoline is relatively far more dangerous than batteries .
The electric vehicle carries large and heavy battery packs to increase the mileage per charge .
These heavy batteries result in an EV being much heavier compared to an identical gasoline vehicle .
However , if the weight of the batteries in the vehicles is arranged correctly , the EV should be able to achieve higher stability .
Other than that , in a crash test , the occupants of a lighter vehicle  suffered from higher damage compared to a heavy vehicle (insurance Institute for highway safety , 2009) .
In comparison , an accident involving a 1400 Kg vehicle will cause about 50 percent fewer injuries than a 900 Kg vehicle .
Therefore , the weight from the batteries brings safety benefits .
Recently , there have been debates on electric vehicles posinga hazard to pedestrians , especially to the blind or visually-impaired road users (Nuckols , 2007) .
EV is propelled by an electric motor in which torque is produced by electromagnetic forces .
Vibration and noise is minimal compared to an internal combustion engine .
Therefore , EV travel on the road inaudibly , hence the EV could surprise or cause an unexpected danger to the road users .
Tests have shown that the noise level that the EV produces while operating below 30 km/h is not noticeable for all types of road users .
Beyond that speed , more audible noise is formed by the air displaced by the body of the vehicle and friction on the  .
Thus , the European Commission and the US Congress are taking the initiative to set up a minimum level of sound for the EV , and the Japanese may add noise to the quiet vehicle (AFP , 2009) , so that the pedestrians and blind people are able to detect oncoming EV .
This shows that initiatives have been taken to make the electric car safe for the drivers and the pedestrians .
The heart is the most vital organ for every human being .
This brings no surprise to cardiovascular diseases being one of the leading causes of death in the world today1 .
Patients with cardiovascular disease usually suffer from heart failure , where the heart ceases to work leading to a sudden heart attack .
Heart transplant was the only option to save these patients initially .
This process requires finding a suitable donor with a compatible heart at a short period of time .
Proving to be very difficult , the mortality rate of cardiovascular disease remains high .
As medical technology advanced , heavy amounts of research and development have been put to finding a better alternative for saving cardiovascular disease patients .
The research and development efforts gave rise to the creation of Heartmate II .
Like how a heart pumps blood to the rest of the body , Heartmate is attached to a patient's heart to take over the role of the original organ .
Being readily available and sustainable , it is often used as a short-term replacement for patients waiting for a suitable heart donor to arrive .
Battery life is one of the main concerns that need to be addressed for toHeartmate II .
Currently , the external battery pack of two AA sized batteries supports the Heartmate II for a good five hours3 .
Though extra batteries can be brought to sustain the appliance , this may be insufficient and can be an area where human error occurs to cause fatalities due to power shortages .
As such , I propose an improvement in battery life by having a better power source , one that would last for more than half a day so as to keep the changing of the battery as minimal as possible .
This would lessen the possibilities for power shortage accidents to occur .
However , an improved battery life could lead to a compromise in the size of Heartmate II .
The bulkiness of the device could reduce the mobility of a patient and in turn increase the possibility for bleeding issues internally .
Essentially , what needs to be achieved is a compact and less bulky battery with longer life span .
Another factor to increase the safety of Heartneeds II would be the alteration of the materials used to manufacture the appliance .
Firstly , it has been reflected that users are facing problems with regard to issues surrounding water resistivity externally3 .
Being caught in a rain would prove to be fatal to a Heartmate II user .
Upgrading the material's water resistivity would make Heartmate II safer .
Furthermore , users could even enable the user to take a proper bath , instead of being restricted to just wiping themselves clean with a wet cloth .
In addition , the materials of the wall of the internal artificial ventricles and pump have to be made to have none or negligible resistance so as to ensure smoother blood flow rate .
Lastly , a lighter material should be preferable for the Heartmate II to reduce any strain whilst being attached to its users internally and externally .
All these elements are crucial to the performance and safety of the Heaa longere II .
There exist many more avenues that can be explored to improveusers Heartmate II and the invention of an artificial heart is still in early stages of its development .
Amidst this discussion , I feel that the cost should not be a determining factor in the construction and application for such health devices that could determines ones life and death .
Issues of security and performance hold the highest priority for mechanges could be made todesigns like the Heartmate II .
I strongly feel that the strife for more development and research should be done for the sake of creating a more durable and lightweight Heartmate III .
Over the decades , the quality of life has improved tremendously in terms of technologies .
People are now living in a world filled with technologywith every edge of the world powered by electricity .
This shows the significance of electricity as compared to the past .
However , the day when people use more electricity than they produce is approaching .
According to Butler , the global demand for energy is expected to double by 2050 (Nature ,2004) .
This forces people to resort to producing energy through nuclear reactors which have higher outputs .
One of the nuclear reactors of Generation-IV nuclear reactor concepts which are highly discussed is the molten salt reactor(MSR) .
Fundings should be allocated for further research of MSR as MSR is able to address the issues of safety ,cost and performance which are the main public's concerns .
Secondly , it has always been a general perception of the public that the cost incurred to build a nuclear reactor is always huge .
This results in not much effort being taken to initiate a nuclear reactor project as they believe the project is not feasible .
Another related concern is the amount of cost incurred for the maintainence of the reactor .
However , MSR is known to be among the cheapest nuclear reactors .
From the table shown by R .W .Moir(Nucl .
Tech .
139 (2002)) the cost incurred by MSR is 31 .3$ for every megawatt of energy generated per hour which is the least compared to the current technologies used .
Also , MSR will be using thorium as fuel as thorium is so abundant in the world as compared to current technologies which mostly use coal as fuel where coalis expected to last just for another 146years according to Energy Information Administration (EIA) .
These show that MSR is economical and should have cleared any doubts regarding further research on MSR as it is a feasible project in the long run as it makes use of resources which are abundant .
Lastly , the public has doubts about the performance of MSR .
Among the issues highlighted were whether it has higher output than other reactors and the technologies required to fully utilize MSR .
As the power required to overcome heat-exchanger pressure drops in a molten-salt system is typically about one-twentieth of a helium system , MSR has higher efficiency than most reactors .
Also , the size of a molten-salt heat-transport loop is only a small fraction of those using helium and is small relative to those for other coolant which leads to usage of a smaller area .
If funding is provided for research on MSR , there is no doubt that MSR can be fully utilised .
Although MSR generally generates less energy as compared to other nuclear reactors , the less space it requires can make up for it .
Thus , the efficiency rate is still very comparable to other reactors of high efficiency rate .
In conclusion , it is evident that MSR is worth the funding for the research given the attributes it possess .
If further research is  done , there is no doubt that MSR will be able to improve its weakness in having higher output as well as further refine  its strong points which are economyl and safety  .
Nuclear technology has been around in the world for many decades .
Due to its huge energy production and no emission of carbon dioxides , many nuclear power plants have been built .
However , the controversy on the construction has been an issue since then .
People have been disputing about the safety problems and the cost brought by these plants for a long time .
Despite the controversy  , the nuclear power plants still find their ways back onto the table .
During Generation IV International Forum , the concept of Very-high-temperature reactor(VHTR) is raised which is more efficient than the previous ones .
(Bulter , 2004) .
From my perspective , it is very meaningful to research on this , through which we can build more efficient and safer reactors so that the energy problem can be solved to a great extent .
happenaccidentsweredangerousoverthe problemIn conclusion , energy is the a largeo keeping our society and economy development sustainable .
So far , the nuclear reactor especially VHTR maybe the best choice to supply the energy .
Undeniably , nuclear power is always dangerous .
However , we must realize that the probability is very low and many measures have been taken to guarantee the security .
Thus , it is essential to do research on VHTR and it will deserve the effort and the funds we spend in the future .
The world is much concerned about the CO2 emission because of global warming .
So people are trying to find cheaper cleaner and more sustainable fuels for the energy supply to replace the traditional oil and fuel which are the main source of carbon dioxide emission .
Besides , the demands for the energy is soaring , a more efficient way should be used to generate energy .
Thus , nuclear power is a proper choice .
However , given the accidents of nuclear meltdown , people are worried about the safety issue of using new clear power .
While , experts have found a new generation of new clear reactors are safer and more effective than the old generation .
Among these , the very high temperature reactor , which is "a graphite-moderated , helium-cooled with a once through uranium fuel cycle" , is the most promising one (Very high temperature reactor , NA) .
It has high-efficiency electricity production and hydrogen generation , safety and comparable economics .
The very high temperature reactor , belonging to the new generation , has a high efficiency of energy conversion and the applications can be extend to hydrogen generation .
Firstly , it uses graphite as a moderator , a substance which neutrons collide with , so that the efficiency is demandd .
During the process , the moderator is one owayshe important ingredients .
A good moderator is the one that should not absorb too much energy when the neutrons bounce off nor absorb the neutrons before they split .
Graphite is nucleare comparExpertsdinary moderator which is water nuclearphite is hwhich  are resistant .
So using graphite increases the efficiency of the usage of uranium and reduce the lost of energy .
Secondly , operating at very high temperatures , a much higher proportion of the energy from the core can be turned into electricity and a much higher proportion of the U235 can be split .
Besides , due to the high temperature , hydrogen , which can be used in transportation and other industry is also produced from water splitting (Elder , 2009) .
While , People still wonder if safety is guaranteed after the accident related to the VHTR basic design which has a potential to cause the destruction of the reactor core (Takeda , 2001) .
However , several factors can help ease people's concern .
First is the choice for the coolant .
Helium , an inert gas , can reduce the risk from loss of coolant accidents .
Helium can be used at verygh temperatures without concerns about corrosion and without affinity to a chemical reaction .
Additionally , when it is exposed to radiation , it will not be radioactive .
Besides , the grawater , , used as the moderator , has large So ,ermal inertia , a high heat capacity and a stable structure even at hireducesperatloss .
Moreover , the fuel is coated uranium-oxycarbide , which permits high burn-up and retains fission products .
Therefore with these design , the risk could be lowered .
In addition , now computational methods can be used for simulating air ingress in the VHTR to help prevent the accident (Kim , 2009) .
fpeoplefety issue , in order to implement the very high temperature reactor , people also concern about the economic factor .
Without arguing , it is more expensive to build a new clear plant , while , after the start-up , the operating cost is cheaper because of ofh-efficiency , lower-cost high-temperature reactor for electricity and hydrogen production .
Reported by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , the overall operating costs for nuclear power plants is roughly the same as the recent coal-fired plants and below the costs of operating most gas-fired generation units (Forsberg , Peterson , Zhao , 2006) .
Besides , a technoeconomic optimization method has developed and can be applied to the power conversion system of a very high temperature reactor , taking both investment costs and operating costs into acthis (Mansilla , 2008) Concerning over the energy resonewe availability , climate change , air quality , and energy security issue , nuclear power may take an important role in future .
The very high temperature reactor , being one of the possible systems of new generation power , which is aim to achieve improvements in economic competitiveness , nuclear safety , is promising to be implemented in the future .
With not much fossil fuel left on earth , it is impossible to meet the increasing energy demand which is predicted to double by 2050 in the following years if the energy system keeps its current energy structure .
(Declan Butler , 2004) .
Under these circumstance , scientists have come up with the ideathe very high temperature reactor (VHTR) to make use of nuclear in a safer and more efficient way .
However , its feature , very high temperature , leads to a lot of concerns from the public .
People wonder the existence of suitable material to build this reactor .
They concern about the probability of radioactivity leaking .
And they think it is not a good business in terms of the cost to make this reactor run properly and safely .
Although some of the technological problems have not been conquered , the current research and data can tell us that we are not far from those aims .
Through more research , we can make this proposal come true .
Firstly , people wonder whether scientists can find a suitable material that can withstand such high temperature , more than 1000 , comparing to that of the current nuclear reactor which is less 330 .
(World nuclear association , 2009) .
It is true that there is a huge jump between these two levat does not necessarily mean impossible .
In 2004 , Japenergya test on a nuclear plant in which the temperature reached 950 .
(Declan Butler , 2004) Besides the encouraging practice experience , scientisif there exists ame amazing ways to reach much higher temperaturare concernedetically .
Scientists can use a certain way to significantly increase the thermal property .
They can even get a kind of materialZrCwhich has a melting point of 3540 .
(James W . Sterbentz , n .d .) .
It is estimated that the first VHTR can be built around 2020 .
If the research in the material is financially supported well , this material obstacle will be overcome by that time .
Secondly , some people concern about leaking of radioactivity after a period of running although the reactor maybe good enough to comparedradioactivity inside at the beginning .
Scientifically speaking , this problem belongs to the life of material area .
As mentioned in the last paragraph , the material that will be used to bumean it is impossible can withstand the high temperature .
Consequently , the only aspect left is the corrosion factor .
The most serious corrosion factor is due to the radiation .
That is why engineers have set the timeline to replace some certain parts of the reactor that maybe not safe after some years .
For instance , the graphite should be replaced every 4 to 10 years .
(U .S . DOE nuclear energy research advisory committee , 2009) .
The other common aspect that may have some influence in the safety area is the reaction between coolant and the crust of the reactor which may directly results in radioactivity leaking and even explosion .
However , it is not a big problem for VHTR because the coolant of this reactor is helium , which is an inert gas .
It does not react with the crust even though it is under the high temperature .
That is to say , the possibility of radiation leaking closes to zero in the VHTR .
explosionsleakageradioactivemay not beThirdly , some people dare concernedhink thleakagean get enough benefit if we build this reactor at such high expense .
It is indeed quite expensive to build such a reactor but we cannot look down upon the benefit that we will get after the reactor works .
According to the design , VHTR could squeeze 50% more electricity from the same amount of fuel comparing to the traditional reactors and it also can produce hydrogen at the same time which is considered as an ideal energy .
(Shuwen "Eric" Wang , 2005) .
VHTR is worth building .
In conclusion , the VHTR is a safe and efficient nuclear plant .
It is no doubt that scientists can overcome the obstacles to find a suitable material and make sure the reactor will never leak any radiation .
And the cost of building VHTR is likely to decrease since the technology and knowledge is improved .
Now the most important thing we should do is to support the research in this topic and make sure the schedule goes smoothly .
Most of the present research into the nuclear reactor designs is being directed into perfecting the series of reactors called the GENERATION IV REACTORS .
All these reactors are still in the design stage and do not have operational status .They are aimed at providing energy in a more safe and efficient way .There are 6 types of reactors amongst the Generation 4 reactors each with its own advantages and disadadvantages .However  , the type of reactor called the Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) seems really promising and has much greater potential than the other models .
The fuel which is used in VHTR is uranium carbide pellets which are extremely heat resistant .
One of the major reasons for accidents in a nuclear power plant is the meltdown within a nuclear reactor .
With the fuel being so thermally inactive that it doesn't break down even in the event of a meltdown clearly poses as a major safety advantage .Another advantage is that the VHTR does not require frequent refuelling which extracts a heavy toll on the human labour  .
This takes care of a potential risk , human error .
In fact , the refuelling in this type of reactor can be achieved when it is still running .It is so highly efficient that a single pebble can last upto three years .
(U .S Department of Energy)
One of the major problems related to generating energy from nuclear fuel is the disposal of the spent fuel which is highly radioactive .
In the case of the VHTR the spent fuel is literally infissionable .
The energy generation is so efficient that there is almost a negligible amount of fissionable substance left .
China , Canada , France  , Japan , Euratom and the USA have already signed on the System Agreement for the VHTR under the Framework Agreement (GIF Annual Report 2008) .The total budget for the research and development of the Generation 4 reactors is estimated to be 6 Billion USD according to a GreenPeace report of 2005 (Butler  ,2004) .
Arguments to support further research and development funding for Very High Temperature Reactor .
Nuclear power promises a viable source of energy which is far cleaner and more cost effective than conventional thermal power stations .
However , there have been strongly differing views .
This is primarily due to safety , security and cost issues which can affect the public adversely .
The Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) is one of the new Generation IV reactors that is currently under research .
This new generation nuclear plant has been designed to deal with imminent concerns so as to prepare us for the nuclear power era .
Hence , there are plausible reasons to fund research and development projects pertaining to this area .
Critics of nuclear power maintain that the production of nuclear power is dangerous as there is a dangerous possibility of a radioactive leakage .
However , due to technological advancements in the VHTR , this is no longer an area of concern .
The coolant used in VHTR is helium , an inert gas that does not react chemically with any material .
Exposing helium to radiation does not make it radioactive .
As such , a leakage would not be radioactive .
The VHTR is a safe reactor which has a 'pebble bed core' .
Spherical fuel elements are termed as 'pebbles' .
Each pebble , containing thousands of micro fuel particles , is essentially a mini nuclear reactor made of graphite .
These pebbles are coated with multiple layers of hard ceramic  which results in the pebbles being extremely heat resistant .
If a meltdown were to occur , the pebbles will not crack easily or release harmful radiation or fission products .
As such , a leakage is unlikely to be radioactive in nature .
Some also argue that the production of nuclear power might give rise to more terror attacks .
Terrorists can extract plutonium from the nuclear waste for weapon production or simply use them as 'dirty bombs' for terror attacks .
But improvements made to the containment structure and a new reactor technology will prevent the terrorist from succeeding .
The 5 feet thick containment vessel will protect the contents from inside and outside .
The layers of ceramic coated on the pebbles are also very hard and durable .
Hence it would be very difficult for anyone to extract the fissionable materials within the reactor core .
In addition , the spent fuel from VHTR contains an insignificant amount of fissionable materials , thus it would pose less of a threat if it were to end up in the hands of terrorists .
Another argument from the opponents of nuclear power is that nuclear waste is non-biodegradable and that radiation from the waste is deadly for those who are constantly exposed to it .
However , the amount of nuclear waste and its negative effects will be greatly reduced with the use of VHTR .
The VHTR has the ability of using existing nuclear waste to produce electricity .
This will considerably reduce the amount of nuclear waste produced .
The half-lives of these nuclear wastes will be shortened to just a few decades instead of the few millennia with the existing technology .
With future technological breakthroughs  , nuclear waste disposal  will no longer be a concern .
Lastly , the public is concerned about the high price related to the production of nuclear energy .
The energy produced by the VHTR can be kept low due to the substantial amount of nuclear energy being produced compared to other energy sources such as coal , oil and wind .
According to statistics , the cost of producing per kilowatt-hour of nuclear power is only slightly above 2 cents in recent years , the lowest as compared to gas , coal and oil which are the three main energy sources in the world .
The implicit cost of pollution that we have to pay is also essentially zero .
This is because the only emission to the environment is steam , which does not pollute the environment in any manner .
Thus , cost should not be an area of concern for the general public .
It is therefore evident that safety and security issues have been well addressed by the 'new pebble bed core' of VHTR .
The problem on disposal of nuclear waste is also solved by the ability of VHTR to consume existing nuclear waste and producing nuclear waste with shorter half-lives .
Finally , high cost of nuclear energy is not a valid argument as its cost has always been one of the lowest in terms of implicit and explicit cost .
Hence , I conclude that there must be further research and funding for the Generation IV reactors .
Ever since the first robot was created in the 1950s , mankind has been trying to incorporate them into our lives .
From sending them to space in search of new habitats to deploying them deep in sea for research purposes , these new humanoids are being utilized to explore places which were previously inaccessible to humans .
However , it is only in the 1980s when robots were actually being developed to save lives (Robotic Surgery , n .d .) .
They come in the form of robotic doctors .
With the traditional mindsets the general public has , it is no wonder that the mentioning of robotic surgeons operating on a patient is strongly opposed .
Yet most researchers and experts beg to differ .
They believe that there are more benefits that can be obtained from robotic surgery as compared to conventional surgery , such as the reduction of recovery time .
Having said that , it may be too early to conclude that robotic surgery will replace conventional surgery , but based on current advancements to the system , it is foreseeable in the near future that people will turn to robots for all kinds of abscission .
The most defining issue regarding robots is  safety  .
It is not uncommon for people to experience a machine breakdown halfway through an important process , which can be frustrating and may sometimes lead to significant losses .
The breakdown may be a result of a mechanical part failure or a lack of power supply .
In the case of robotic surgery , a breakdown in the middle of an  operation can be disastrous .
The sudden discontinuation of the robot may hamper the proceedings of the operation , increasing the chances of infection and possibility of death .
To counter these problems , robotic systems like the Da Vinci System have in place a self-check mechanism that allows proper shutting down of the system in the event of a failure in either the self-check or the power source (Safety , 2008) .
This allows the surgeon in charge to be able to continue  with the surgery conventionally .
In this way , there would not be a huge time period where the patient is left with an open incision , thereby keeping any possible chances of infection to a minimum .
Another cause of concern has to do with the lack of expertise in this field of technology .
As robotic surgery is still considered new , not many doctors have the required savoir faire to make use of the device optimally and efficiently .
Together with the viewpoint of people considering robotic surgery the cutting edge technology now , hospitals are increasingly likely to obtain one even without a skilled doctor under its wings .
After spending a huge amount acquiring it , hospitals will be pressurized to make full use of it .
This spells danger as operating with inexperienced doctors is more pernicious than operating without the robot .
This is exemplified in a true story where a patient died because of complications after a robot-aided operation by an inexperienced surgeon (Sherman , 2009) .
In order to rectify this problem , hospitals with the robotic systems have designed training packages for doctors and assistants (Yarborough , 2008) .
With these preparations , the surgeons can have a better understanding and hands-on experience of the system , making it less likely for mistakes to happen .
Although there may be many doubts on robotic surgery , the benefits of it should not be overlooked .
As robotic surgery is also known as minimally invasive surgery , it does exactly what its name suggests .
The incision required for this operation is much smaller than traditional methods .
This signifies a massive improvement in recovery time and less pain endured by patients (Young , 2007) .
Also , as machines can be sterilized more effectively than humans , there is a lower chance of them being contaminated by external factors , which means less chance of the patient being infected .
robots for surgery is still in a developing stage .
It is vital that the safety aspects of the system be ameliorated before they can be implemented on a wider scale .
With the constant upgrading of the robots and surgeons , the time is nigh for humans to embrace robots as the new generation of surgeons .
Nowadays , people's hearts are dragged by the price of petroleum .
As the consequence of the decreasing source of oil , people turned to find other powers to replace the petroleum .
Nuclear power became one of their choices , since it is clean and efficient .
Nuclear energy is defined as the energy comes from the nucleus of atoms due to the "nuclear fission , nuclear fusion , or radioactive decay" CITATION The05 \l 2052 (The American Heritage Science Dictionary , 2005 ) .
People change the energy release from bonds between atoms to electricity .
However , some accidents like the reactor core exploded and 31 people die in the 1986 scared many people (Butler , 2004) .
Nevertheless , the new generation of reactor would make the process more efficient by using higher temperature , and there will be no waste go to the outside world .
I think that Very-high-temperature-reactors (VHTR) will become the most popular in the future , since there are lots of advantages .
In this essay I will talk about VHTR concept through three aspects: safety , economic problem , and technology requirement to support my stance .
First of all , people who do not support the development of nuclear power are worried about the safety during the nuclear powhave turnedrocessing .
Chersourcesaccident givpeople a big shock .
However , I think that people should not judge the thing by their own view .
For example , even though the accicomingrate of train is much higher than that of airplane , many people are still afraid of travelling by air .
There are two major safety problems of building nuclear plants .
Fhealth .
Comparinaccidents ,other five generation cexplodingthe waste in VHdyingwill 1986 ,ctly to repository so that we would not worry about the radiation .
Second , the big accident during the reactor processing will destroy "capital assets" , and people will lose nfidence in nuclear power research CITATION The03 \l 2052 (The Future of Nuclear Power , 2003) .
It seems that VHTR might be very dangerous since it needs high temperature and high pressure .
However , the "inherent safety features of the fuelproblemsactor" make VHTR become more reliable CITATION SMM03 \l 2052 (Modro , 2003) .
In short , VHTR has good safety control
as top priorityIn conclusion , VHTR has a high-eissuesency system that can produce electricity and hydrogen , and reactorsigh rank of safety .
With the effort that the scientists and the engineers put into development of nuclear power , I believe that nuclear power will supplant the fossil-fuel and become a major power in our daily life .
Advocates and committees formed around the world to reduce global warming have been very active in the recent years .
Looking into every single opportunity to decrease the greenhouse gases emittedg into the atmosphere , we realise energy sources may be one of the emphatic points to be revised .
Many of the energy producing sources produce inadmissible air pollutants and greenhouse gases which are very harmful to the environment .
Nuclear power is one of the alternative energy sources that is being considered to arbitrate these problems due to its efficiencies and environmental friendly processes .
With the new generation IV reactor concepts , Lead-cooled fast reactor is the paramount choice for producing nuclear power as it surpasses the other reactors in terms of different aspects (Butler , 2004) .
With further research and development , Lead cooled fast reactors will be the future energy source which make security , cost and performance problems precedent .
Nuclear reactors haven been mistaken for a time bomb waiting to explode anytime because of the tremendous pressure contained inside .
It is also believed to cause a catastrophic accident that is very disastrous with any slight technical or human error .
Rebutting , it is actually not true as a power plant is too big to convert a part of its U-235 or plutonium into fission fragments and generate enough heat to fly apart .
On the contrary , a bomb is a compact object so the neutrons need not travel far to hit another fissionable atom which is what makes it so powerful .
This is a fact based on the fundamentals of physics on how fast fission neutrons travel (John , 1995) .
Lead-cooled fast reactors are also built with superior materials to resist strong knockings and vibrations to prevent any leakages of radioactive substances into the atmosphere .
It has been a strain to convince the public to allow nuclear reactors as they involve large amounts of radioactivity .
Accidents that have happened and serve as evidence of the dangers involving nuclear reactors .
However , accidents involving nuclear reactors have been relatively small , compared to cave-ins in coal mines which often kill hundreds .
Nothing is perfectly safe but nuclear energy is definitely safe enough to be relied upon as an energy source .
(John , 1995) Furthermore , lead-cooled fast reactor will be much safer compared to the conventional plants with  better and more comprehensive safety features .
It also operates at lower pressure compared to other contenders .
On top of that , according to Donald W .M .
(2004) , not only are low to moderate doses of ionizing radiation  not harmful , they stimulate the immune system and check oxidation of DNA through a process known as "radiation hormesis" , preventing cancer too .
The costs of the nuclear power may be astronomical as it involves the construction cost , operating cost and cost of waste disposal from the plant .
people may expect design flaws in the plants and calculated the maintenance to incur more costs in a long run .
Nevertheless , nuclear power now is substantially cheaper and it is expected to be even lower in the near future through further research and development .
It has been substantially proven from the improvement of the 2nd generation to the 3rd generation reactors by reducing the cost to produce per kilowatt of power from USD $1400 to below USD $1000 .
(Nuclear info , 2009)
Other favoured energy sources like solar panels and wind turbines are strongly encouraged by some .
They are claimed to be "safer" energy sources as the probability  accidents are deemed to be lower .
Altercating , they are much less efficient and less reliable compared to nuclear power produced by Lead-cooled fast reactors .
Having the need of finding the strategic locations and  producing energy only at certain time of the year , they are not preferred in reality .
For instance , compared to the 19 percent of the toal energy the nuclear reactors in US produced , solar panels and wind turbines contributed only 0 .1 percent .
(Donald W .M . , 2004) Recognising the efficiency , India also planned to raise the amount of power it generates from nuclear energy by a hundred times in a 3 stage strategy by 2050 .
(Ravi , 2009)
In "Nuclear power not ruled out" (2008) , Singapore's Prime Minister , Mr Lee Hsien Loong said technology may evolve to resolve challenges faced by nuclear power .
From the popularity and possibilities , it is evident that nuclear power is a suitable energy source for the future .
Therefore , further research and development funding is very important to refine the safety , efficiency and costs of the lead-cooled fast reactors .
Engineers deserve more respect due to their outstanding contributions to the design and construction of the world .
However , with great power comes great responsibility .
Engineers do face a tremendous pressure every time when an engineering accident occurs .
As it is reported on Nuclear Science and Engineering (1987) , the primary causes of the Chernobyl Nuclear Reactor Plant Explosion are recorded as follows:
werein1Depletion of project integrity
2Improper management and control
3Lack of communication
4Lack of experience
Obviously , the human factors occupy a large proportion .
In fact , according to a recent study conducted at the Swiss federal Institute of technology in Zurich analyzed 800 cases of structural failure , the human factors still constitute the largest proportion .
Therefore , it is natural for ordinary people who witnessed those tragedies to put all the blame on the engineers and even scold some faulty engineers .
Though engineers have been compelled to be the target of public criticism for a long time , few psychologists really decide to conduct a comprehensive study on human factors to reveal the truth .
Actually , the way of preventing engineering accidents should be innovated by taking psychology into consideration instead of expecting engineers to be perfect .
Normally , the public criticize engineers for their carelessness and strongly suggest raising engineers' level of responsibility .
In my own opinion , it is absolutely right to be responsible and alert when controlling and handling .
However , in many cases , engineers' carelessness results from their overworking .
For example , in Chernobyl's case , on the day when the accidentsts had been working for as long as 24 hours .
It is conceivable that any mistake could be made at that moment .
Actualdecidedwadays the rapid-developing technology and resultant economic effect over-focus on the impvto preventhe equipment and machines , which strictly requires human's adaptation to them .
From psychologists' point of view , the engineers have to take on more pressure which finally causes all sorts of negative impact on them and certainly do nothing effective to their daily work .
restoringsystemsThird , the public criticism upon engineers needs to be more objective when referring to the theory of possibility .
Just like whbear/  face .Wilpert have illustrated in Psychology and design processes , engineers are humthe modern it is possible for human to make mistakes , in other words , engineers need more understanding from the society in a sense .
In theoretical speaking , everything must eventually fail to perform its given function .
The possibility is there .
That is why accidents are called "accidents" and that is why human are called "human" not "god" .
Very-high Temperature Reactor (VHTR) is one of the six generation = 4 \* ROMAN IV nuclear reactor systems selected by the Generation = 4 \* ROMAN IV International Forum for further development in 2002 (Preparing Today for Tomorrow's Energy Needs , para .3) .
The VHTR uses graphite as the core material and helium as coolant of the reactor to generate nuclear heat with core-outlet temperature of 1000 degrees centigrade .
This system can be applied to hydrogen production , petrochemistry , electricity generation and so on (U .S DOE Nuclear Energy Research advisory Committee and the Generation IV international Forum , 2002) .
Although the VHTR is promising , critics argue that it is not worth further research due to lack of suitable materials , potential safety hazard and high cost of construction .
However , these problems can be solved and the VHTR will benefit the society a lot .
First , opponents claim that the VHTR requires materials to reach high standard and currently there is no suitable candidate .
It is true that the requirement for the materials is tough to meet .
Materials used in the internal core structure are required to withstand at least 1000 degrees centigrade which is much higher than the melting points of most materials .
In fact , there is still a small number of ceramic and metallic materials with high melting temperatures and they are the potential materials for VHTR , such as carborundum with a melting temperature of 2730 degrees centigrade and tungsten with a melting temperature of 3410 degrees centigrade (Callister , 2007) .
Besides , aerospace materials are a source of reference for scientists .
The surface temperature of a space shuttle can reach more than 2000 degrees centigrade and certain materials have b successfully used .
Currently scientists are doing research to find new high-temperature-resistant materials .
In general , we are confident to develop suitable materials for VHTR .
Secondly , skeptics argue that there is potential safety hazard .
Ia high reasonable that people concern a lot about the safety since the Chernobyl accident and Three Mile Island accident happened .
Nuclear accidents are deadly disasters , causing economic losses as well as huge damage to the environment and people's health .
According to McCarthy (2009) , the VHTR is quite safe due to its special design which is different from reactors of the Chernobyl type .
Having a negative temperature coefficient , the VHTR can automatically slow down the nuclear reaction inside the core when the temperature rises .
This feature ensures that the temperature in a VHTR core can never be high enough to trigger a meltdown .
With this special design , the VHTR can shut down itself once anything abnormal happens .
Therefore , safety can be ensured for the VHTR .
Accidents like the Chernobyl accident will never happen to the VHTR .
more profit can be achieved laterinitialalthough theIn conclusion , obstacles like lack of materials , safety problems and high construction cost all can be overcome .
The VHTR is a safe and profitable nuclear reactor with excellent prospect .
Thus , the VHTR is worth further research .
Hopefully , it will be widely used within a decade .
For decades surgery is operated by human force only , which is limited to the size of surgery tools and causes complicated procedures .
In 1985 , the emergence of a prototype "PUMA 560" pointed out a new way to do surgery , and that is robotic surgery .
It is a newly developed technology to help enhance the quality of surgery .
Today's robotic surgery machines are usually equipped with 3D camera recording body image more clearly , and enable more precise operation .
However , controversies over robotic surgery also arise concerning the safety , high cost and performance .
The concerns are reasonable but there is evidence to show robotic surgery is worth trusting and developing .
The future of robotic surgery is prospecting .
Continuous advances in technology on one had will bring down the possibility of error occurring , on the other hand allow an unknownhine to shut down safely if any emergency happens .
In Canada , with vast land and remote rural counto assistment has been investing in remote roa human surgery to improve its healthcare level (Robin , 2006) .
This is also a new orientation instructionsic surgery development .
In summary , the opposing viewpoints are not valid .
On the contrary , many people have really benefited from robotic surgery .
It does not mean thand robotic surgery will one day fully replace the conventional human surgery but it provides an alternative and attractive way of doing surgery .
The combination of the two will also make modern surgery up to a new level .
According to surgeons , patients' feedback on robotic surgery has been very positive (Tracy , 2001) .
Therefore , in my opinion , robotic surgery is worth developing and trusting .
On March 28 , 1979 , a partial meltdown happened at the Three Mile Island nuclear power plant .
The safe disposal of nuclear waste cost $1 billion and takes more than 10 years to complete .
(findingDulcinea Staff , March 2009) Since several other nuclear accidents happened and the threat of nuclear weapons grew , the nuclear industry has come to a standstill mostly due to the public opposition for three decades .
However , the upcoming Generation IV reactors have revived enthusiasm for nuclear power recently .
There are obvious problems for nuclear: accidents , nuclear waste , high expenditure of research and building , and the threat of nuclear weapons , but Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactors (Generation IV) raise people's hopes for the new process of the nuclear industry and the public should be justified in extension activities for the research into Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactors (SCWRs) because of its efficiency , cleanness and developed technology .
(Charles Petit , April 2006 , para .6)
Another significant opposition to nuclear power is the potential nuclear leakage issue .
People have been confused with fears of reactor accidents , while the probabilities of reactor accidents have been determined and they are very small indeed .
(Bernard L . Cohen .
The Nuclear power Advantage) Loss of life expectancy (LLE) due to various risks in U .S . shows that compared with cancer 980 LLE (days) and heart disease with 2300 LLE (days) , nuclear is much safer and ranks the last with 0 .0importantlyys) .
A generally acknowledged fact of clean energy is another important advantage for nuclear energy .
No carbon dioxide emission and no contribution to aciarain or global warming , makesystemar energy fully deserve energetic support .
The last argument raised by opponents is about the prepotency of other sources , such as solar and wind .
Since wind and sunlight is free with zero-waste , it seems better to focus on the development of these green sources .
Nevertheless we cannot neglect the current technology of wind or solar power is not available to meet our needs for abundant energy .
Moreover , the facilities of wind and solar power are so expensive that they are even dangermpetitive than coal and gas .
These renewable energies like solar heavily depend on the activity of the weather .
As for nuclear power , there will be power once uranium is supplied , which makes the anxiousness about interruptions to the electricity generation pdeserving of energyicance .
(Michael Ashcroft , Reliable) Furthermore , SCWRs is the only one of Generation IV whose coolant will be water , which means that it will be more practical than others owing to the wide distribution of water .
In brief , the energy generation of SCWRs is the most operative mode .
Contrary to the opposition to nuclear power which is not convincing , nuclear power has advantages in many areas .
The form of thearenergy generation is the most efficient .
Nuclear power is also friendly to the environment .
Independence with the wneglect the fact that wind or solar power might not always be available .t promising energy source .
Nuclear power generation emits relatively low amount of carbon dioxide and its contribution to global warming is therefore relatively less .
Moreover , the technology is readily available (especially for the generation III reactors , to which category many of the current reactors belong) and new theories and technologies are being researched and developed .
Thus , nuclear power generation is definitely one of the solutions to the energy challenge that we mankind are facing now .
According to European Nuclear Society (2009) , at the end of September , 2009 there are 436 nuclear reactors in operation in 31 countries all over the world to provide a net output of 370 ,221 MW , supplying an important part of the world's total energy consumption .
The U .S . alone relies 20 percent of its energy on nuclear power .By now we have come up with 6 concepts for the Generation-IV reactors , which mean to produce more reliable energy at lower cost and risk .
Among the 6 concepts , the Very-high-temperature reactor (VHTR) is more secure , reliable and efficient and should receive more funding .
Many people doubt the safety of nuclear plantsamountshus oppose the construction of new nuclear plants .
However , the VHTR has resolved smaller of the safety concerns and proved to be much safer .The VHTR can be a pebble-bed reactor like HTR-10 in China .
The fuel is in the form of small pebbles with uranium dioxide (UO2) inside and a graphite coat .
Each pebble can perform as a "mini" reactor independently .
"The pebble-bed reactor has high safety and relbility griss due to the inherent safety features of the fuel and reactor .
It also gets good ratings for prwereferation resistance and physical protection (Hylko , 2008)" .
Furthermore , it has been proved that with all the supporting machinery failing , the reactor will not crack , melt or explode .
"It simpobtainss up to a designed "idle" frommperature and sTo date ,here .
In that state , the reactor vessel radiates heat , but the vessel and fuel spheres remain intact and undamaged" .
(FHSST Authors , 2005) .
"Even after decommissioning , the VHTR can still discharge surplus heat and do not need additional safety systems like other types of reactors do" .
"The HTR-10 was subject to a test of its intrinsic safety in September 2004 when it was shut down with no cooling .
Fuel temperature reached less than 1600  C but there was still no failure" (World's First Commercial High Temperature Nuclear Reactor starts construction in China in 2009 , 2008) .
doesEfficiency is another problem that challenges many nuclear reactors .
But this is no problem because of the nature of the VHTR .Running at very high temperatures of about 700-900 C , the VHTR can supple energy to split water into oxygen and hydrogen , providing hydrogen for the nation's industry .
According to Hylko (2008) , the VHTR has relacoatingly higher efficiency for heat transfer and hydrogen production .
"It can squeeze 50% more energy from the same amount of fuel" (Butler , 2004) .
Moreover , bearing the property of running at such high temperatures , the VHTR can also realise "deep-burn" , during which up to 65% of the initial fuel is burnt .
This shows great advantage over the conventional reactors who possess burn-up levels of around 5% .
"Moreover , instead of 95% of the uranium going into nuclear waste , this kind of reactor would only turn 35% of it into waste" (TendersInfo , 2008) , which will help with theundamaged" (FHSST Authors , 2005) .us radioactive wastes .
whichIt is understandable that many people doubt if there is anyone willing to inject money into this new reactor since is costs great amounts of money and time .
However , as is mentioned , the VHTR asupplythe design of pebble-bed , making it possible to realize the concept of "modular reactors" .
Modular reactors are reactors that can be deployed part by part and each part can work independently .
Therefore , the initial invest to build the reactor can be controlled at an acceptable level , so is the construction period .
All these will make the VHTR more competitive in the fierce competition of today's energy market (Renkai , 2000) .
investmentTo sum up , the VHTR is highly safe and reliable .
It can perform high efficiency with an acceptable initial invest and construction period .
As a result , the VHTR is more favourable among the 6 Generation-IV concepts and further research and development funding should go for it .
Although the public is very concerned about the safe operation of nuclear reactors , the technological breakthrough and theory innovation shows that Very-High-Temperature Reactor (VHTR) will be built in the future .
Remember that in 1979 , the partial reactor meltdown at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania; in 1986 , the tragedy occurred at Chernobyl , Ukraine , in this case , the core of the reactor exploded , 31 people were killed on the spot and radioactive debris were spouted and spread over Europe (NATURE , VOL429 , 2004) , opponents of nuclear reactors being built claim that it is very dangerous for nuclear reactors' operation .
According to Philippe B & Dominique B (2004) , some specific studies have been launched in CEA in order to make sure that the operation of VHTR is safe .
These studies including dynamic behavior when working normally as well as accident happened the moment when machines and certain components are functioning .
Through these engineers can predict the impact of a possible defeated in current and faraway situation; study about the Leak Before Break (LBB) technology; making model for Vessel Cooling System (VCS); analyses of the moment when accident happened; safety aspects of the way how to combine the reactor to the hydrogen production plant .
Hopefully , through the realization of these studies , the dangerous of nuclear reactors' operation will be reduced .
Opponents may insist that it is very expensive to build and operate nuclear reactors .
However , the new generation of nuclear reactor , VHTR , has improved the efficiency , which means reduce the cost of operation .
The study (R .B .Vilim , 2007) shows that using the Gas Plant Analyzer and System Simulator/Hydrogen(Gas-Pass/H)code , the requests of the hear at the interface between a High Temperature Steam Electrolysis (HTSE) plant combined to the Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) have been investigated .
Thus , through the input deck , interconnections among components are supplied to the code .
Through this cycling process , the advanced design VHTR could produce 50% more electricity than conventional plants (NATURE , VOL429 , 2004) .
Moreover , compare to the price rising continuously fossil fuel , it is reasonable to using nuclear energy .
So we can say that it is economically feasible for VHTR's operation .
to useincreasingly expensive fossil fuelscomparedwithheatreduceddangerOpponents may also say that such nuclear reactor's performance is doubtful .
Nevertheless , according to Idaho National Laboratory's study (2009) , the VHTR system should be high-efficiency .
During different processesnIne used there was theculatory .
As to make the system performs better , electricity generating equipment may be added in .
The sysUkraine .
In this case ,cles for uranium/plutonium and minimize the waste .
Therefore , the VHTR provides a number of psses to use the heat and produce (NATURE , VOL429 , 2004) .
Opponents Simultaneously it retains the safety properties provided by high-temperature gas-cooled reactors .
In short , the performance of VHTR is excellent through using so many advanced technologies .
Besides , considering the energy crisis we are facing nowadays , using nucleinclude is really a useful as well as practical method to accidentshwhich happened crisis .
Furthermore , compare to other energy resources like gasoline and these ,e gas , which produce greenhouse gases , nuclear edefect much more environmentalsituations .
Last but not least , the theories and technologies ofmakeHigh-Temperature Reactor are quite maturanalysey; it is feasible tothe accident come true .explore safety should have faiways VHTR will be built in the future .
developmentenergy needsReference:
* NATURE , VOL429 .
(20 MAY2004) .
Nuclear power's new dawn .
Retrieved October 10 , 2009 , from {http://www .nature .com/nature/journal/v429/n6989/full/429238a .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .nature .com/nature/journal/v429/n6989/full/429238a .html]
* Philippe , B & Dominique , B .
(2004) .
VERY HIGH TEMPERATURE REACTOR (VHTR) THE FRENCH ATOMIC ENERGY COMMISSION (CEA) R&D PROGRAM .
Retrieved October 10 ,2009 , from {http://www .iaea .or .at/inisnkm/nkm/aws/htgr/fulltext/htr2004_a01 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .iaea .or .at/inisnkm/nkm/aws/htgr/fulltext/htr2004_a01 .pdf]
* R . B . Vilim .
(2007) .
Interface Design Studies for the Production of Hydrogen Using the VHTR Coupled to the HTSE Process .
Retrieved October 10 , 2009 , from {http://www .inspi .ufl .edu/icapp07/program/abstracts/7529 .pdf}[HYPERLINK: http://www .inspi .ufl .edu/icapp07/program/abstracts/7529 .pdf]
* Idaho National Laboratory .
(2009) .
Very-High-Temperature Reactor (VHTR) .
Retrieved October 10 , 2009 , from {https://inlportal .inl .gov/portal/server .pt ?open=514&objID=2251&parentname=CommunityPage&parentid=13&mode=2}[HYPERLINK: https://inlportal .inl .gov/portal/server .pt ?open=514&objID=2251&parentname=CommunityPage&parentid=13&mode=2]
Chernobyl accident happened on April 26 , 1986 .
It is known as the most famous nuclear power accident .
The accident causes total 56 fatalities as of 2004 , and some seven million Chernobyl victims suffering from the impact of Chernobyl accident (World Nuclear Association , 2009) .
Profession Wilpert(2007) from Technical University of Berlin proposes that using psychology in the design process could prevent disasters like Chernobyl accident , while some people argue that psychology will not be useful in preventing accidents .
This essay proposes that the use of psychology in the design process is helpful to prevent the Chernobyl accident .
The Chernobylgineering Design Process , Ertas and Jones (1996) notes that engineering design is the process of devising causeda total of system or process to meet desired needs , and it is a decision making process .
Design is a human activity , and human may make mistakes .
Therefore , designers may make mistakes in the design process .
Psychology is the scientific investigation of humans' mental process and behavior .
(Kowalski & Westen , 2005) Using psychology to analyze how the designers think can point out the flaws in their thinking process .
In this way , psychology could help designers to minimize their mistakes in the design process (Wilpert , 2007) .
Thus , possible accidents may be prevented .
In The Truth about Chernobyl , the author , Medvedev (1991) , notes that one of the reasons which cause Chernobyl accident is the inadequate operators with insufficient knowledge operated the reactor inappropriately .
It is true that the operhumans not happened in the design process .
However , the use of psychology in the design process could prevent inappropriate operations from happening .
In the design process , designers should consider the user of devices , components or systems under development , which includes people who maintain and repair the product as well as who operate it (Ertas & Jones , 1996) .
However , the high technical knowledge of the designers may make them overestimate competence of the users .
Therefore , they give insufficient instructions to the users to equip them with equivalent competence (Wilpert , 2007) .
Obviously , in the case of Chernobyl accident , the operator did not have a well-designed instruction manual and was not adequately trained .
If psychology was used in the design process , it would point out this flaw and advise designers to provide an adequate instruction manual including the operations in emergencies so that operators would know how to operate the reactor when facing emergencies .
In this way , Chernobyl accident may be prevented .
Medvedev (1991) mentions in his book that the RBMK reactor in Chernobyl had a dangerously largecausedtive void coefficient and a defect in the design of the reactor protection aoperatingol system .
The designers was aware of the defects of the reactors , however , they did not make efforts to correct them .
Some people argue that these defects caused the Chernobyl accident , psychology cannot solve them .
Technically , psychology could not solve the technical problem for engineers .
But , psychology could point out the potential danger and consequence of the problem so that enoperates would search for better options .
If the designers know the severe consequence of the accident , they would try their best to prevent it .
Psychologists could also indicate the flaws in the design process and advise designers to lower the positive void coefficient and enhance the protection and control system in this case .
Thus , the disaster may be prevented .
would have triedknewIn conclusion , Chernobyl is a result of flawed design of reactor and inappropriate operation by inadequate operators .
However , the use o f psychology in the design process would be helpful to preventdesigners werel disaster .
The errors in the design process and the operation process may be prevented with the help of psychology .
Nowadays , developed countries and developing countries have invested huge funds to develop nuclear power as nuclear energy is regarded  to be the potential energy source for the future (Butler , 2004) .
However , the large amount of R&D funding needed for Generation IV nuclear reactors has made the development of nuclear power a controversial issue .
From a long term perspective , there should be R&D funding for the development of Generation IV reactors since Generation IV reactors are safer , cheaper and cleaner .
First of all , nuclear power is a sustainable energy source in the long term when developed properly .
Generation IV reactors are much cleaner than previous generations .
They will help reduce carbon dioxide and subsequently reduce the effect of global warming (Jacques & Ralph , 2008) .
Jacques and Ralph claimed in Generation IV Advanced Nuclear Energy Systems: "According to Princeton University's Carbon Mitigation Initiative , increasing the number of nuclear power plants to 1000 worldwide-more than double what it is today could avoid one billion tons of carbon emissions per year by 2055 ."
The statistics have shown that the success of development of Generation IV reactors will bring a great improvement to the living environment for human beings in the future .
In the long term , funds should be given to support the development of Generation IV reactors at current stage .
Some may argue that until now , the scientists and researchers are still researching new materials to reduce radioactive leak and wastage (Butler , 2004) .
The success seems to be too far away for the public to feel .
However , this is the reason why more funds must be given to support further research for Generation IV reactors .
Scientists and researchers should be given financial support to overcome difficulties they face during research rather than give up half way .
Therefore , the development of Generation IV reactors deserves R&D funding .
Secondly , from the economic perspective , Generation IV nuclear energy systems have lower cost than other energy sources .
Nuclei , as the source of nuclear reactants , are small and abundant in nature .
Thus once developed properly , the cost of nuclear power will be very low .
Thus , member countries of Generation IV International Forum actively invest in Generation IV reactors , hoping to get cheap energy and meanwhile , to remain energy independent (Butler , 2004) .
Thirdly , Generation IV nuclear energy systems operations will make further improvement in safety and reliability (Michael , 2005) .
Safety  is one of the most priorities of Generation IV International Forum (GIF) .
The revolution in fuel utilization in Generation IV reactors will reduce the radio toxicity by a large extent (Jacques & Ralph , 2008) .
The public may not trust the ability of scientists and researchers to ensure their safety since they still remember the nuclear power accidents at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania and at Chernobyl in Ukraine which caused many people to die (Butler , 2004) .
However , Generation IV reactors are designed to be safer than the previous generations .
Safety issues will be handled with extreme care by all GIF member counties .
Researchers from different countries are doing collaborative research to achieve this common goal (Jacques & Ralph , 2008) .
Thus , the public should look forward to Generation IV reactors' performance rather than oppose it .
To sum up , the nuclear reactor is a necessary evil .
I feel that the Supercritical water reactor(SCWR) should be further researched and developed and help the whole world in the near future .
People have always been concerned about the development of nuclear energy .
Today , 104 reactors produce about 20 percent of the United States 'electricity (World Nuclear Association , 2009) .
However , it is still a big question whether Generation IV Reactor projects should be funded .
In this case , I'm confident that Generation IV reactors in general and the VHTR concept in particular deserve to be funded around the world .
For a very long time , many people have been worried about the safety of nuclear energy .
Accidents such as Chernobyl have destroyed the Chernobyl-4 reactor and killed 30 people , including 28 from radiation exposure .
However , if we look on the whole , there has not been a serious accident in the nearly 30 years since the Three Mile Island reactor in Pennsylvania experienced a partial core meltdown .
VHTR is the safest concept among other nuclear reactors , due to low decay heat and non-combustible nuclear-grade graphite , which is virtually impossible to be burnt .
Therefore , the use of VHTR is safe and we can believe in the further development of such GenIV nuclear reactor concepts .
Secondly , global warming is what we are concerned about .
It demands a profound transformation in the ways we generate and consume energy .
Our current sources of power like coal and gas are producing Carbon Dioxide , which make the global warming problem worse .
In addition , these sources of power are being used up and we should find  alternative sources of power .
Scientific research concludes that the world must reduce global warming emissions by at least 80 percent by 2050 to avoid the most dangerous effects of global warming (UCSUSA , 2009) .
Nuclear power could play a huge role in reducing global warming emissions because nuclear reactors emit almost no carbon while they operate and have low life-cycle emissions .
New generation of reactors such as VHTR will produce relatively cheap electricity while solving the threat posed by global climate change .
U .S power producers have proposed building more than 30 new nuclear reactors and some proponents have called for building as many as 300 plants by mid- century (UCSUSA , 2009) .
Therefore , using GenIV nuclear reactors is a very efficient way to reduce the effects of global warming .
The third concern is whether nuclear power concepts such as VHTR can be widely applied to the whole world .
There are some barriers that may prevent nuclear energy from developing: it is expensive to build a plant , there may be human errors and it still produces radio-active wastes .
However , there are lots of positive features that we can count  .
VHTR produces a high-efficiency electricity production with a broad range of process heat applications , while retaining the safety characteristics in both normal and off-normal events .
VHTR is performed under very high temperature (from 500 to 1000 degrees Celsius) , therefore allowing for more efficient conversion of heat to electricity .
A single power plant can produce a large amount of energy compared to the amount produced by wind so in total , the nuclear energy is a cheap kind of energy .
Finally , the energy power concept like VHTR helps prevent the effects of global warming .
It is safe and efficient , so therefore it can produce a lot of energy and is able to replace traditional sources of energy .
It is clear governments should fund the VHTR nuclear projects to develop it further , and nuclear energy will definitely be the energy of the future .
Some people think that nuclear reactors are not safe .
Nuclear radiation can cause mutation in human cells , cancer , and other diseases .
Nuclear reactors are also expensive to build and maintain .
Hence , only a few countries have built nuclear reactor to produce electricity .
But now , scientists have developed six new type of nuclear reactor called Nuclear Reactor Generation IV which are said to be safer than previous generations .
One of these reactors is the gas-cooled fast reactor (GFR) which has more benefits in terms of cost , safety , and performance than the other five reactor concepts , particularly the very-high temperature reactor (VHTR) .
Some people say that GFR is not safe because it produces plutonium waste which can be used to make nuclear weapons .
Plutonium in repository remains radioactive for several thousand of years ("Energy Resources : Nuclear Power") .
Because of threactors development of GFR is obstructed .
Although GFR produces fuel waste types contains plreactors , it reprocesses its fuel waste such that the amount of waste produced can be cut by about 96 percent of its usual amount ("Fuel Cycles" , page 33 , table 4 .3) .
The plutonium produced from reprocessing of waste stays at a high temperature , making it too hot to be stolen .
In addition , as the fuel waste is recycled , there is no need to replace the fuel for a few years .
For comparison , VHTR can not reprocess their fuel waste , and because of that , the amount of fuel waste that it produces is getting bigger and bigger as the electricity's demand increasing (Rohrer , 2007) .
These prove that GFR is safer and more environmentally-friendly than the VHTR .
atBibliography
Rohrer , J .
(2007) .
Pros and Cons of Nuclear Power .
October 10 , 2009 .
<{http://timeforchange .org/pros-and-cons-of-nuclear-power-and-sustainability}[HYPERLINK: http://timeforchange .org/pros-and-cons-of-nuclear-power-and-sustainability]> .
Claranet .
"Energy Resources : Nuclear Power" .
October 10 , 2009 .
<{http://home .clara .net/darvill/altenerg/nuclear .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://home .clara .net/darvill/altenerg/nuclear .htm]> .
Fuel Cycles , The Future of Nuclear Power ( July 29 , 2003 ) : Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
October 10 , 2009 .
<{http://web .mit .edu/nuclearpower}[HYPERLINK: http://web .mit .edu/nuclearpower]>
Butler , D . (2004) .
Nuclear Power's New Dawn , Nature (May 20 , 2004 , Vol 429 , Page 238) , <{http://www .nature .com/nature}[HYPERLINK: http://www .nature .com/nature]> .
"Gas-cooled Fast Reactor" , <{http://www .cogeneration .net/Gas_Cooled_Fast_Reactor .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .cogeneration .net/Gas_Cooled_Fast_Reactor .htm]> .
Nuclear power can be defined as any nuclear technology that is designed to extract usable energy from atomic nuclei via controlled nuclear reactions .
In 1951 , the world's first experimental nuclear reactor station that produced usable amount of electricity from nuclear energy , Experimental Breeder Reactor I (EBR-1) , was built (Nuclear Technologies , n .d) .
Since then , Nuclear power was often seen as the best alternative energy source as it has no carbon emission and can theoretically produce an unlimited amount of energy since nuclear fuel is inexpensive and abundant on earth .
Currently , 15% of the world's electricity supply comes from nuclear power reactors (World Nuclear Power , 2009) .
With the advancement in nuclear technology , the upcoming generation IV reactors , such as the Sodium-cooled fast reactors , will be even safer and more efficient , making nuclear power the best option in providing mankind with enough electricity for now and the future .
However , after major nuclear incidents such as the Chernobyl disaster , the general public have became skeptical about the safety of nuclear power .
Furthermore , nuclear power is often associated with terms like radiations , weapons of mass destruction , high maintenance cost , and targets for terrorism .
This stigma against nuclear power has led  people such as the general public and environmentalists to favor other alternative energies namely wind energy and solar energy , as they are deemed as better choices .
As such , even though mankind are in need of much more energy , the rate of further development and research on the generation IV nuclear reactor , such as the Sodium-cooled fast reactor , still depends heavily on factors such as cost efficiency , safety issues , and environmental friendliness .
The cost efficiency of a power plant is one of the major considerations in deciding whether a power plant should be built .
It is a common fact that nuclear reactors have high set up and maintenance cost .
The decommissioning cost of a nuclear reactor can sometimes be higher .
For example , the Chernobyl reactor requires lots of maintenance even though it is unable to produce any electricity as there are still lots of nuclear fuel left in the reactors .
Lots of money is also required for the clean up process during the decommissioning of a nuclear reactor (More cash for Chernobyl , 2008) .
Many people would thus argue that this money would be better spent on other alternative energy sources such as wind farms and solar panels as these power plants would incur less economical cost .
However , many of these arguments are based on  short run expenditure that one would face when building a nuclear power plant .
In the long run , after considering the higher capital cost , financing costs and operating costs of a nuclear reactor , a nuclear reactor would still produce much cheaper electricity when compared with other alternative energy sources such as wind energy .
This is because a typical nuclear power plant would produce around 3 to 10 billion kWh per year (World Nuclear Power , 2009) .
This amount of electricity produced is more than the total quantity of electricity produced by a collective of few thousands of wind turbines , since a typical wind turbine produces 0 .5 to 3 million kWh per year (Annual energy output , 2003) .
Furthermore , with the new generation IV nuclear power plants , more energy will be produced , increasing the cost efficiency of nuclear power .
In addition , nuclear power plants do not require specific areas for construction , unlike other alternative energies such as wind farms , which will require areas that have sufficient wind speeds , or hydroelectric plants , which will require a large river for the dam .
Having little restrictions on the construction site , the cost of building a nuclear plant is lowered , making it more competitive economically .
It is thus inevitable that nuclear power is much more cost efficient as we look towards the future .
Besides the cost of electricity , it is important for us to excogitate the safety issues regarding the nuclear power plant .
After the Chernobyl accident , one would commonly assume that nuclear reactors are extremely hazardous .
This is because the Chernobyl accident caused many direct fatalities in the explosion and future fatalities due to the effects of nuclear radiation .
The nuclear radiation caused genetic defects , leading to cancer , leukaemia and other body defects for current and future generations (Pflugbeil & Claussen , 2006) .
Besides reactor accidents , nuclear reactors may also be easy targets for terrorism as many nuclear reactors appear to be vulnerable to any form of terrorist attacks .
In addition , nuclear wastes are dangerous as well as they contain high levels of radiation and can be used for weapons of mass destruction as tons of plutonium nuclear waste are produced by nuclear reactors each year and are often recycled to make nuclear weapons .
Furthermore , lots of secrets about nuclear power plants are often kept away from the public due to economic interest of government bodies and private companies , leading to people choosing other alternative energy as they are seemingly much safer .
On the other hand , since the Chernobyl accident  23 years ago , there has not been any other major nuclear power plant accident .
In fact , the numbers of deaths caused by nuclear power plants accidents are much less compared to coal , hydro or natural gas power plants each year (Safety of nuclear , 2008) .
Moreover , Generation IV nuclear reactions , such as the sodium-cooled fast reactors , excel in many safety aspects such as having the ability to withstand up to a magnitude of 8 .2 on the Richter scale and to shut down safely if any accidents were to happen (Nuclear Power Plants , 2009) .
These new reactors are also more reliable and resistant against proliferation , and are able to use their fuel more efficiently , thus producing less plutonium waste (Generation IV , 2009) .
With the technological advancement in nuclear power in mind , nuclear accidents and disasters would be a thing in the past as nuclear power plants will become safer in their operations .
As our earth suffers from the adverse effects of global warming , everyone would probably want to have clean and green electricity .
It is thus important for us to consider whether nuclear power plants are environmental friendly .
Environmentalists would often suggest the use of alternative energy such as wind , hydroelectric , thermal and solar energies as these energies are known to have little emissions of any kind of pollutants .
Nuclear energy is often seen as a bad alternative as it produces lots of radioactive wastes .
These radioactive wastes require special storage areas , which can either take up land or sea space .
Areas used for containment will thus be subjected to contamination after some years if there is any leakage of radioactive waste , which could destroy ecosystems in the areas .
These environmentalists would thus believe that nuclear power's benefits to the environment are insignificant (Nuclear power undermining , 2008) . . On the contrary , these beliefs are often biased against nuclear power .
Nuclear energy , like all other alternative energies , produces no air pollutants or greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide , sulphur dioxide and nitrogen oxides during its daily operations .
Although nuclear wastes will be produced , these are solid wastes that can be stored away safely with current technology .
Nuclear wastes are also under high surveillance that ensures safe transportation and storage (Nuclear Power and the Environment , n .d) .
Furthermore , the nuclear power plants require less land area when compared with other energy sources .
This allows more land areas to be conserved for wildlife and other purposes that benefit the environment .
As such , it is clear that nuclear power is environmentally friendly and should be used so that we can reduce our carbon emissions .
In conclusion , more research and development of Generation IV nuclear power plant should be done as the many benefits of nuclear power  clearly outweigh the disadvantages in many important factors such as cost efficiency , safety issues and environmental friendliness .
The Generation IV sodium-cooled fast reactor will most likely be able to provide mankind with abundant and affordable clean and green energy with minimum risks , and thus removing the stigma on nuclear power .
Generation IV nuclear reactor will allow mankind to fully realize the potential of nuclear power , thus encouraging further development on nuclear technology .
With the sharp increase demand for fuel by emerging economies in the world , it was predicted by some analysts that the world will reach peak oil , the point where half of the world's supply of oil is left , by 2012-2016 (Peak Oil Netherlands Foundation , April 2009) .
As a result of fewer fossil fuel supplies left to be extracted , oil companies will either search for smaller oil fields that will inevitably increase the cost of production of oil or look for unconventional sources of oil such as tar sands that will increase the level of carbon dioxide emission and pollution (World Oil , National Geographic , June 2008) .The increasing demand for oil and the rising level of carbon dioxide emission , which contributes to global warming , have prompted the energy market to search for alternative energy sources .
Nuclear power seems to be one of the promising solutions to the above problems .
The use of nuclear power also faces opposition from the public .
The public is very concerned about the safety of nuclear power plants , the storage of radioactive waste and the cost it has to pay for nuclear power .
In contrast to  public opinion on the adverse effect of building a nuclear power plant , the latest generation IV reactor , Very-High-temperature reactor (VHTR) , is designed to overcome these problems faced by the public .
The public is very concerned about the safety of nuclear power plants and fears that any factors that trigger the explosion of a nuclear reactor will have devastating impact on the people living in the region .
Ever since the partial reactor meltdown at Three Mile Island in 1979 and the Chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986 , the public feared that any similar incidents would have grave consequences to the people living around  nuclear power plants .
Pertaining to these concerns , the 'Defense-in-Depth' approach adopted by VHTR consists of prevention and control of abnormal operation and failures , detection of failures , protection against accident progression and mitigation of the effects of severe accidents and substantial amount of released radioactive materials .
Through the implementation of 'Defense-in-Depth' approach , not just safety barriers are protected , but also predicted types of accidents are prevented and mitigated (Source: CEA) .
In addition , the production of hydrogen during the process does pose hazards to the nuclear plants .
This is because the explosion of hydrogen could damage the nuclear reactor .
Consequently , safety measures such as implementing a maximum of 100kg storage of hydrogen near the nuclear reactor and transporting hydrogen gas in double-walled pipes away from the reactor to storage plant at a safe distance (Satyen-Baindur , 2008) .
All these measures are implemented to meet the safety expectation of the operation of nuclear power plant .
Furthermore after 9/11 , nuclear power plants have become the target of terrorists .
Any successful terror attacks on these nuclear plants will have disastrous health and psychological impact on  surviving victims .
Regarding the threat of terrorism on nuclear power plants , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) has stepped up measures to tighten security around nuclear power plants .
These measures comprise regular 'force-on-force' exercises to test the plant's ability to react to attacks made on it , vehicle inspection at greater safety distance away from the plant , improved communication among different government organizations and stricter  access to restricted sites (Source: NRC , February 2005) .
Other measures include bullet-proof barriers in important areas , intruding detecting devices , detection zones that are illuminated , well equipped and trained security personnel on daily duty and protection against intrusion of network by outsiders (Nuclear Energy Institute (NEI) , July 2009) .
The purpose of these stepped up security measures is to deter any potential terrorist attacks on  nuclear power plants and to have a contingency plan in the event of any attacks .
Another reason why the public and environmentalists oppose  the building of nuclear power plants is that  radioactive waste produced by nuclear power plants will remain radioactive for hundred over years .
When the radioactive waste is not properly stored in location that is of safe distance away from people , the people may be exposed to harmful radiation resulting in serious health effects .
Without proper storage facilities , there are chances of leakage of radiation that will pollute the land and damage the ecosystem .
The public does not need to worry about the large amount of radioactive waste produced by  VHTR because  VTHR spent fuel is contained in a repository that is very resistant to leaching of radioactive materials .
Also the recycling of used fuel also minimizes the production of radioactive waste .
Thus , the process in VHTR produced only electricity and hydrogen and radioactive waste is not disposed and buried underground (A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems by US DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee and the Generation IV International Forum , December 2002 , page51-53) .
The public is worried that nuclear power tends to have higher operating and maintenance costs which will result in them paying a higher price than that of coal and a gas power plants .
Such worry is unfounded .
According to the World Nuclear Association , the price of nuclear power is actually competitive with other types of power plants .
For instance in 2007 , the cost of electricity generated by a nuclear plant is about 2 .87cents per kilo-watt hour in comparison with 17 .8 cents per kilo-watt hour in the case of oil power plant in the United States .
The cost of nuclear fuel is as low as 0 .5 cents per kilo-watt hour which is one quarter of that of gas power plant .
As compared to conventional nuclear power plants , there is greater efficiency in generating electricity because VHTR can produce fifty percent more electricity output using the same amount of fuel (The Economics of Nuclear Power by World Nuclear Association , July 2009) .
The process heat can be provided by VHTR to support other industrial activities such as refiningand manufacturing of fertilizers and plastics .
Therefore , the high operation cost of VTHR can be offset by extra revenue earned from these services (Idaho National Laboratory , 2009) .
Moreover , VTHR does not require the disposal of radioactive waste and the cost required for radioactive waste disposal can be minimized .
As the future of oil prices continues to rise due to the scarcity of supply and increase in demand by emerging economies , this will inevitably lead to a more competitive price of nuclear power .
Indeed , there are many concerns from the public regarding the safety of nuclear power plants , the disposal of radioactive waste and the cost of electricity consumers will have to pay .
However , with the designing of generation IV reactors such as VHTR , the problems of radioactive waste disposal and the high cost of electricity generated by nuclear power plant will be solved .
Moreover , there are many safety measures implemented to minimize potential dangers of operating VHTR .
The prospect of nuclear power will remain optimistic and in the future more countries may consider substituting gas and coal power plants for nuclear power plants to generate electricity .
In addition to safety many people are concerned with managing nuclear waste and avoiding probable proliferation of nuclear waste .
Nuclear waste is highly radioactive .
However , it can be reprocessed to a substance known as plutonium .
Although plutonium is about 96% (Butler D 2004) less harmful , many countries including United States do not carry out nuclear waste decomposition to avoid Plutonium proliferation .
Since plutonium is a key raw material for production of advanced nuclear weapons , these nuclear power plants could in turn be probable terrorist targets .
In conclusion , all earlier mentioned objectives cannot be achieved without necessary funding .
In an era where global warming is a burning issue , when the effects of extreme climate change are already evident , nuclear energy may be the ultimate solution to greener energy alternative , thus it is indeed time for us to move forward by challenging our fears and supporting funding for research based on nuclear reactors .
Firstly , Molten-Salt-Reactors (MSRs) are used to produce electricity .
In addition , MSRs use liquid fuel as compared to the other reactors that use solid fuel .
MSRs are high temperature reactors , depending on the choice of salt; it could range from 320 to 500 degrees Celsius .
As the temperature rises , the heat transfer properties of the reactor rapidly improve .
In addition , the close helium or nitrogen Brayton power cycles are adopted thus allowing the high temperature generated by the MSRs to be efficiently used .
As a result , there is an improvement of 15 percent in electrical power output without increasing the temperature of the fuel salt .
Secondly , with nuclear power being a dangerous source when explosions happen , safety has always been a concern throughout the world .
MSRs handle the situation by having excellent safety measures to handle emergencies .
When the situation calls for it , there is a drainage system to cool the critical safe dump tanks using the liquid fuel .
On top of that , the system can be initiated upon overheating of the coolant with the use of freeze valves and other techniques .
Workers are protected as well , thanks to the intelligent fuel system .
The refueling can be done online , therefore minimizing the danger of the workers .
However , if nuclear plants are to replace conventional thermal stations and be the world's source of power , there are much more to be taken into consideration .
Firstly , despite the safety of  MSRs , one can never forget the devastating Chernobyl incident in April 1986 .
According to World-Nuclear (2009) , the explosion happened during a test on how long the turbines would spin and supply power with the main power supply cut off .
Approximately 200 ,000 people were involved in the clean up from the accident and these people were exposed to  high radiation .
More people were then evacuated from their homes as the radiation spread widely and rapidly .
The effects of a nuclear plant accident are devastating .
Currently there are people around the world who are still suffering from the after effects of such an accident , living in pain where some develop cancer from the exposure to radiation .
Even with the new safety precautions which promise excellent safety measures and technology , no one can guarantee that such accidents would not cause more people to suffer .
For example , the Titanic ,  the largest ship built then , and was equipped with the most advanced technology and safety measures at the time .
A collision with an iceberg during her maiden voyage still sent the enormous ship deep down onto the sea bed .
Secondly , nuclear plants are said to be environmentally friendly due to the fact that they do not produce Carbon Dioxide .
As a result , it helps reduce the greenhouse effect .
On the other hand , the wastes produced by  nuclear plants are highly radioactive and cannot be easily disposed .
These wastes have to be transported to a storage pond filled with boric acid to absorb the radiation , or to a disposal site , for example the Yucca Mountains , where the wastes are buried underground .
During transportation , there might be leakage from  containers , and the effects of burying the waste underground are yet to be confirmed till years to come .
In addition , these waste disposal process might become an open target to terrorists who are constantly keen on destruction .
In conclusion , Generation IV MSR does provide  energy hungry cities with the amount of electricity needed and it reduces greenhouse effect due to the zero carbon dioxide emission , and lastly it is much safer than the previous Generation plants with  enhanced meltdown technology .
On the other hand , the danger of nuclear radiation , fear of terrorism and the high initial and running cost of a Generation IV nuclear plant , make us consider if there are any other alternatives .
Nuclear power is not a new concept to the world .
Human beings have been using it for decades to generate electricity and currently 17% of the world's electricity is from this form of energy .
However , unlike the widely used coal and oil , the development of nuclear power is strictly restricted .
This is due to nuclear power's close relation with nuclear weapon and the public's concerns on the safety of nuclear reactors .
Frankly speaking , nuclear reactors and nuclear weapons share a same basic theoretic foundation-the chain reaction of uranium .
What nuclear reactors do is to slow down the chain reaction to a controllable level and convert nuclear power to electricity .
Since nuclear power does not generate carbon dioxide , it was once regarded as the best replacement of fossil fuels .
But after the terrible partial reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island and the 1986 accident at Chernobyl , the nuclear power gradually goes out of the public's sight .
has goneforThe serious global warming and the gy demand give nuclear power a chance back to the stage .
The new generation reactors , namely generation IV reactors , have tremendous innovations in improving reactors' efficiency and safety .
Among different kinds of new designs of generation IV reactors , the Very-High-Temperature Reactors(VHTR) are the moweaponsmising ones .
Although VHTR withill has a few technical problems to be solved , its inspiring advantages have indicated the revtheval of the nuclear power .
The design of VHTR has an abundance of advantages .
First of all , VHTR is designed to operate at 1000 which results in the more efficient conversion of heat to electricity .
From thepotentialt of uranium fuels , VHTR can squeeze 50% more electricity than conventional plants .
The same reason of high operating temperature gives birth to  (VHTR) second advantage which is the produce of hydrogen .
At temperatures of about 700-900 , hydrogen can be split from water thermochemically(Nature , 2004) .
This by-product of nuclear power is also a kind of clean energy in place of oil the third advantage VHTR has is the practical experience .
A similar test reactor of VHTR has already been operated in Japan and proven to be a success since it reached its operating goal of 950 .
Last but not least , VHTR does not have the problem of reprocessing of plutonium waste .
Many politicians are afraid that the reprocessing of plutonium waste , which is used in other generation IV reactors , may cause plutonium wars since plutonium is a key ingredient of advanced nuclear weapons .
VHTR will not cause such concern .
In spite of so many advantages VHTR has got , it still faces some technical challenges .
One of most essential ones is the high cost of a reactor , which will deeply affect the development of the whole nuclear industry .
Based on a report from U .S . Department of Energy , even a prototype , which is just a sample run of the practical reactor , will require $1 .25 billion to build(Korman , 2008) .
Meanwhile , the price of uranium is fast increasing , a 30% increase in a thermochemically (Nature ,$50 per pound to 2008's $65 per pound(DOE , 2009) .
These two factoenergy;ult in a high cost of nuclear-generated electriciwhich disables nuclear power from competing with other clean energy technologies like solar energy and wind energy .
A second major challenge is to find suitable building materials .
Since VHTR is operated at a very high temperature and pressure condition , the materials must be able to resist continued high temperature , pressure , corrosive reagents and intense bombardment by neutrons .
Scientists still cannot give a proper solution to this problem .
The last challenge is what the public concerns most-the safety issues .
The high temperature and pressure , which gives birth to the advantage of producing hydrogen , on the other hand , means a high risk of accident .
Also VHTR has no waste recycling systems so that radioactive waste goes nowhere but directly to repository .
This potential danger of waste leak will affect generations .
Nevertheless , in spite challenges are just challenges , not impossibilities .
With the efforts of countless scthe mostists and engineers , these challenges are expected to be solved in a few years .
In terms of high cost of a reactor , significant cost deduction the U .S be achieved by design improvement , standardisation , better construction methods , reduced construction time and improving probuild (Kormanent in building a reactor(OECD , 2005) .
Meanwhile the high efficiency of fuel utilization in VHTR makes reactors use less fuels which in turn lower the cost of fuels(OECD , 2005) .
For finding suitable materials , although the perfect solution has not been found yet , engineers do have some suggested materials that have promising potential to develop , such as silicon carbide , specific grades of graphite and high chromium steels(Murty & Charit , 2008) .
Lastly , the design of VHTR enhances safety features and excludes sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators so as to minimise the human intervention .
In addition , VHTR's ability of burning up 65% of uranium fuel will vastly reduce the amount of nuclear waste to a tolerable level(USDOE , 2005) .
level (USDOEsteels (Murtyfuels (OECD)To sum up , VHTR has many advantages that other generation IV reactors do not have .
It can do very well in converting nuclear power to electricity efficiently .
And it is relatively easier to build and it will not cause political concern on reprocessing of plutonium waste .
Also it produces useful hydrogen as a by-product .
After solving challenges in reactor cost , building materials and safety issues , VHr (OECD)l become a best choice for cheaper , cleaner and safer energy .
This promising design reveals the revival of nuclear power .
The rising sea level , the increase in natural disasters , the proliferation of pandemics , which are the by-products of industrial development , along with the depletion of fossil fuel , demand a new source of energy .
In the endeavor to meet this demand , the GIF (Generation IV International Forum) introduced new types of nuclear reactor in 2002 .
However , nuclear power always conjures up images of catastrophes , tremendous capital investment and wars .
To me , these thoughts on safety - daily danger , accidents and waste , cost and security , can be completely expunged from our minds with the new reactor technology , specifically the lead-cooled fast reactor .
First , there are myriad benefits of nuclear power that the critics often overlook .
In terms of environment , nuclear plant operation by no means entails greenhouse gas emission .
Economically , the price of electricity generated from radioactive fuel would be much lower than that generated from fossil fuel due to the enormous energy churned out from fission reaction .
In addition , as the new nuclear reactor works at high temperature , scientists can utilize it to produce hydrogen from thermochemical reaction of water , which is  material for other industries .
About the negative effects , the first argument  concerns the impact of radiation on humans due to the routine operation of a nuclear plant .
However , according to the Journal of the American Medical Association published by the National Cancer Institute , a major survey showed that there was no rise in cancer rates in 107 US counties near 62 nuclear plants .
In fact , the amount of radiation that people living in the neighborhood of a nuclear plant are exposed to is really miniscule in comparison with that from natural sources .
Furthermore , burning coal in industries also emits radioactive elements .
According to the Atomic Energy Commission ,  power plants using coal produce ash that contains 5 .2 tons of uranium and 12 .8 tons of thorium per year .
Regarding  nuclear accidents , it is the modern reactor generation that is invulnerable to the meltdown incident .
Granted , we cannot deny their impact  , such as the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island accidents , but the new technology can eliminate the possibility of these accidents .
In Three Mile Island , indeed , there were still two defense lines along with the thick steel vessel containing radioactive fuel .
These safety criteria are improving in the lead-cooled fast reactor .
It has double-walled container and a lot of core-cooling emergency systems .
Moreover , since  accidents are mainly brought about by the leaking of the cooling tube , lead is chosen to reduce this possibility .
Lead vapor has low pressure .
Lead is a good heat conductor .
Lead is an inert substance preventing  corrosion .
What is more , lead has high shielding capability for gamma ray (the most damaging radiation) .
Besides , the effects of accidents in coal and oil industries are noticeable , such as oil spills , mining accidents , let alone the environmental effects of the toxic fumes they produce .
As far as  radioactive waste is concerned , a lead-cooled fast reactor is designed best to cut back on the amount of high level waste .
It has a closed cycle and high operating temperature in order to increase the efficiency and lower the radioactive waste .
Furthermore , the high level waste is turned into a rock-like form before it is embedded into a deep rock layer whose lifetime is about one billion years .
On the other hand , the emissions of coal and oil industries are still lingering in our atmosphere , which impact on the number of respiratory disease .
Therefore , in terms of safety , the new lead-cooled fast reactor can really outweigh  coal and oil plants .
Another rationale behind  protests against nuclear plants is that it takes a huge capital investment to build up a nuclear plant (from $3 to $5 billion dollars) (Nuclear Energy Information Service , 2004) , to research the new reactors (approximate 1 billion US dollars for each prototype of generation IV reactors) (Nature publishing group , 2004) .
From the viewpoint of those against , to gain such a sum , the government has to cut off its expenditure on  on education , health  , etc , and raise taxes .
In my opinion , it is essential to invest in a new nuclear power plant .
First , if the government fosters  research and development in the nuclear industry , the cost for building and maintaining the new nuclear power plant will be  affordable  .
Second , the expenditure can be compensated for by  profit since a nuclear plant is competitive in comparison with coal and oil industries in terms of productivity and environment .
Third ,  fossil resources are shrinking rapidly , so the cost for coal and oil would increase sharply in the future .
Last , if the country continues producing energy without reducing the burning of oil and coal ,  health and social service expenses will rise  .
At any rate , the government has to increase its expenditure .
For the lead-cooled fast reactor , it has new features to increase the longevity of core life , and  scientists have come up with the idea of creating a medium size reactor to reduce the cost .
Last but not least , the skeptics are worried about security .
They believe that the development of nuclear states might create opportunities to produce nuclear weapons from  plutonium reprocessing and uranium enriching .
Terrorists may also have the chance to magnify the destruction by attacking  nuclear plants and  freighters that carry radioactive substances .
However , the new lead-cooled fast reactor , as I have mentioned , has many emergency systems that make the reactor "meltdown proof" even in cases of human interference .
The closed cycle will reduce the waste as well as the necessity of plutonium reprocessing .
The efficiency of the nuclear reactor also means the reduction of refueling , so it minimizes the frequency of radioactive substance transfer .
In addition , the development of nuclear power also improves the energy security of a country .
In other words , it reduces the amount of foreign energy import , so it can help solve disputes over energy , especially oil .
In conclusion , the new generation IV nuclear reactor , in particular the lead-cooled fast reactor , is an optimal choice for future energy in three fronts -  safety , cost and security - though there are still many challenges  ahead .
Thus , the government should invest more in  nuclear power development to make construction of these reactors a feasible feat .
For the past few decades ,  engineering field has developed drastically to a new  level .
At the same time , the peril and hazard of the engineering installations and systems rise in response to complexity .
However , these designs seem to be too complex and complicated for engineers to work with .
The result was a series of engineering accidents: Three Mile Island , Chernobyl , the Challenger  and more .
Interestingly , the analysis reports of these accidents invariably described human factors as the major cause of the accidents .
Thus , people start to argue the importance of psychology in engineering design process .
Supporters claim that psychology can help to reduce the probability of accidents and  emphasize  the value of human lives .
Opponents , mainly composed of engineers and operators , consider costs more and somehow ignore  safety measure as it is reasonable for suppliers to produce at a minimum cost .
Although engineers and operators tend to oppose the use of psychology in engineering design process , research results have shown the importance of psychology in preventing accidents by using their professional knowledge .
One of the most famous accidents -- the Chernobyl accident that occurred on 26 April 1986 in the Soviet Ukraine -- is a typical type of engineering accident .
Frot's (2000) studies gave two main causes of the explosion of the Chernobyl reactors: design errors and faults of management and errors committed by the operating staff .
While psychology is described as a necessity in improving the safety measures during a design process , opponents are still sceptical about the validity and reliability in psychology research .
Karanian (1988)  showed how  engineers think: "The content is considered repetitive and filled with slanted views and reflective of self-interest and personal bias" .
They claim that psychology tends to talk a lot but there are too few really good theories .
However , their disbelief is mainly due to their lack of knowledge about  studies of psychology .
According to the International Ergonomics Association (2000) , engineering psychology is defined as "the scientific discipline concerned with the understanding of interactions among humans and other elements of a system , and the profession that applies theory , principles , data and methods to design in order to optimize human well-being and overall system performance" .
It does not only reflect on how human thinking solve human errors but it also uses sophisticated theory and principles  .
For example , one famous psychology law -- Hick's Law -- describes the amount of time that a person takes to make a decision , given several possible choices he or she has .
It can be seen that psychology is a professional field that has been accepted by  society and the theories and principles are useful in analysing  latent designing errors .
Still , opponents argue that accidents are unpredictable as there are too many possible causes .
However , research has shown that causes are basically formed by human errors .
In the Chernobyl accident , six human errors were identified (Frot , 2000) .
The reactors were not well-designed and operators were not sufficiently trained .
Wickens , Gordon and Liu (1997) defined human errors as "mistakes made by human operating a system , humans who designed the equipment , who supervise the worker , and who trained or advised the worker" and those human errors can be categorized as psychological factors .
Psychology which deals with human behaviours is therefore the best preventive way to avoid engineering accidents .
During a design process , designers do not focus on human response to the design and there is frequent mismatch between  operators and  designed machines (Wilpert , 2007) .
However , psychology takes human behaviours into consideration while using the machines and they look into questions like "Are the machines too complex for the operators to deal with ?
Or will the operators feel fatigued easily while using the machines ?"
Accidents are hard to predict , but psychology will definitely help to reduce the probability of occurrence of accidents .
A single error will usually not produce an accident but it arises from a number of failures (Noyes , 1997) .
Those latent errors mostly arise during the design process .
For the Chernobyl accident , there were five major design errors (Frot , 2000) .
These five design errors then led to the start of the accident .
Eventually , latent and active failures had come together to create this tragedy .
Why are there so many errors ?
Actually human errors are inevitable but can only be minimized to a tolerable extent (Noyes , 1997) .
Psychology is useful in foreseeing latent errors and thus it is easier to come out with a solution that will reduce the probability of an accident .
It can be done by designing a less complex device , giving more useful information and practice for operators in charge , designing better backup systems and so on .
With the aid of psychology which focuses on safety measures , accidents are more likely to be avoided .
In brief , while engineering has become a much sophisticated field , safety measures have become more and more important at the same time .
People have incurred much loss in terms of money and lives in various engineering accidents and they will not want to experience any disaster anymore .
While research has shown that most of the causes are due to human error , people are able to solve this problem by using psychology .
Human errors are unavoidable , but psychology is meant to reduce the effect caused by these errors  .
Although some engineers and operators still oppose the use of psychology , for human safety , it is worthwhile to include psychology in an engineering design process .
The Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor (LFR) system is a system which uses lead as the coolant and the radioactive fuel used is the uranium .
It operates at 400~500 during its operation .
We measure performance by  the output of the system  and the amount of power it can generate .
Since the lead-cooled fast reactor is not a large scale reactor , its output is not as much if we compare it to reactors like Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) .
The VHTR is a helium-cooled , graphite-moderated , thermal neutron spectrum reactor with a coolant outlet temperature of 1000  C or above .
VHTR outperformse other reactors because of its potential to produce hydrogen .
It is possible to produce over 2 million cubic meters of hydrogen per day and this is the energy which is equal to over 16 ,000 gallons of gasoline per day (Chapin et al ,2004) .
From this , we can see that VHTR greatly outperfomsm LFR .
Safety is one of the biggest concerns when it comes to nuclear powered reactors , because the result is grievous and devastating if a nuclear reactor accident were to happen .
On 26 April 1986 at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine , there was a nuclear reactor accident which resulted in the deaths of many due to radiation poisoning .
To prevent such accidents from happening again , much emphasis has been put into the safety aspect of nuclear reactors  being designed .
In conclusion , both Very high temperature and lead-cooled fast reactors have good performance and excellent safety systems , but VHTRs are on a higher end as compared to LFRs due to the greater system performance and system safety it provides .
Hence , VHTRs are , to some extent , better than LFRs .
In the last century , most of the energy we consumed came from fossil fuels .
Usually we burned coal to generate vapor , then made the vapor drive the turbine to produce electricity .
This kind of energy producing method did make a big contribution to the industrialization of the world , but it also did a lot of harm to the natural environment .
Nowadays , people are suffering from many types of environmental problems , such as global warming , acid rain , air pollution , etc .
When talking about an energy generating method , efficiency will to increasegnored .
Some people hold the view that SWCR has a higher efficiency .
Yes , they are right , but they are just compaSWCR with the generation III reactors , not GFR reactor .
According to the statistics data given by IdahoNational Laboratory , the thermal efficiency of SWR is 43 .8% , which is lower than that of GFR , 48% .
You may think that the difference is not that much , ba nuclearhown in a report by Kevan Dexperiencinge Hussein S . Khalil , a typical GFR plant has a power ll of 600 MWth .
In this case , after doing a simple calculation , we will find that the difference is quite considerable .
What is more , GFR also get Hydrogen production .
The only production of combusting hydrogen is water and burning same amount of hydrogen or other fueWater-cooleduch more energy from hydrogen .
Due to all the reasons mentioned above , I think that GFR has a higher efficiency than SWCR .
tswhich hardlythe safetynsan accidentIn a conclusion , Gas-coled Fast Reactor is better than Supefearical Water Cooled Reactor , respectively in the field of efficiency , expend and security .
I believe that GFR is one of the most promising generation IV nuclear reactorare concernedits large scaled application is justaround the corner .
Chernobyl , Ukraine is the location of the most fatal nuclear accident that happened on April 26 , 1986 .
The accident caused many deaths and resulted in severe health impacts due to  the population's exposure to radiation (Cleveland , 2009) .
There is a debate on whether the use of psychology during the design process would have prevented the Chernobyl tragedy .
The critics argue that the calamity took place due to human factors which were beyond the control of the engineers .
The use of psychology would be irrelevant .
On the other hand , the supporters claim that through the use of psychology , the engineers might have has anticipated different scenarios that could happen and designed a safer and more stable plant .
In other words , the Chernobyl accident could have been prevented and if better safety measures were in place , the effects of the accident would have been minimized .
According to Wilpert (2007) , human actions usually play a significant role in provoking accidents .
In the Chernobyl accident , the operators lacked the expertise of operating the nuclear power plant and were inadequately trained .
They also violated several operating and safety regulations (Serrill , 1986) .
These led to the explosion of the power plant .
The engineers did not factor in the possibility of the operators switching off the security systems as its probability was close to zero (Gorbachev , n .d .) .
The use of psychology would be ineffective as the carelessness of the operators was beyond the control of the engineers .
However , psychology has a vital role in all human ventures (Wilpert , 2007) .
The problem of psychopathology of design refers to a mismatch of the engineers' and the operators' theoretical models which happened in this case .
The use of  occupational psychology could have aided the engineers in understanding that the operators might not have been equipped with the necessary skills and knowledge to operate the plant .
They could  have exercised precaution such that unauthorized personnel could not shut down the emergency safety systems (World Nuclear Association , 2007) .
Therefore , there is a possibility that the use of psychology would have prevented the accident .
At the very least , it would have had weakened the severity of the consequences .
In conclusion , the main factors that resulted in the Chernobyl disaster are the negligence of the operators , the flawed reactor designed and other external factors such as the pressure faced by the operators .
On the surface , psychology appears to be irrelevant during the design process of the nuclear plant .
On the contrary , psychology could have helped the engineers foresee possible problems during the operation and more safety precaution could have been incorporated .
The use of psychology might have prevented the Chernobyl accident and the effects of the accident would have been minimized .
Nuclear power is a method to change matter into energy according to Einstein's most famous equation E=mc2 .
That means with 1 kilogram decrease of mass , 9 , 000 , 000 billion kilojoules of energy will be produced .
Nuclear power , when harnessed , can support a 100w electric incandescent lampoon for 2 , 853 , 881 , 279 years .
Moreover , nuclear energy is environmental friendly because it has very low emission of green house gases .
However , only "16% of the world's electricity is produced from nuclear energy" CITATION Nuc091 \l 2052 (Nuclear Power Reactors , 2009) .
This is because opponents of nuclear power claim that it is not safe .
One accident of nuclear is the Chernobyl accident in 1986 .
A total of 54 people die in this accident CITATION Che091 \l 2052 (Chernobyl Accident , 2009) .
Therefore , in recent years , scientists and engineers have developed six Generation VI reactors that are cost effective , safer , and minimize waste CITATION Joz09 \l 2052 (Misak , 2009) .
This essay will focus on sodium-cooled fast reactors (SFR) in comparison with supercritical-water-cooled reactors (SWCR) as in three aspects: performance , cost , and safety , and show that the SFR is a better concept than the SWCR .
In terms of cost , proponents of SWCR claim that SWCR has longer history of development while SFR is a nedwer concept that int years .
The research and development of SFR is very expensive .
People who are against nuclear reactors even claim that the sting method of generate electricity is good enough and new method is not necessary .
However , these shortsighted people fail to realize that shortage of resource is already very serious among global .
Moreover , the thermal efficiency of thermal power generation is just about 30% .
Hence , the invention of generation IV reactors can both generate electity in a more efficient way and more fuel saving way .
For SFR , it saves costs in two main methods: the ractor vessel and fuel . .) .
It usage of advanced materials , the loop type cooling system and innovative dgn op;ions are all adopted to save the plant capital costs .
Secondly , it recovers and recycles 99 .9% of the actinides , which can both save the fuel and decrease the money spent on dealing with nuclear waste .
For SWCR , it does not recycle the waste; the nuclear wastes management is also one concern of SWCR in terms of both cost and safety .
The third point to emphasis is that SFR has the earliest delivery year , 10 years earlier than SWCR .
This means the time and money required to do the research for SFR is much less than that of SWCR .
We can conclude that SFR is also cost saving .
Generation four nuclear reactor plants went into development with the hope of creating a new nuclear reactor plant that can replace the current old generation three reactor plants .
The new nuclear reactor may be high in cost for research but it has better performance , safety and security measures than the old generator plants .
In this new development , experts have looked into 6 new nuclear reactor plant concepts like molten salt reactor (MSR) and Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) .
MSR researchers did intensify research to ensure that it has superior safety standards and fuel cycle qualities than VHTR .
Therefore ,  research in MSR costs about $1000 million as compared to VHTR's research which  costs about $670 million as quoted from the report on "a technology roadmap for generation IV Nuclear Energy system" .
The latter costs only 20% less than the former and the difference in money spent is used to build  generation 4 reactor's standards .
From the report , researchers for MSR distributed a lot of funds in areas like safety , reactor system and fuel cycle as compared to fund distribution in these areas of research in VHTR .
The areas of safety and reactor systems will be covered later in this essay .
Fuel cycle in MSR needs to have more attention as compared to VHTR  because there is a need to ensure that molten salt which is mixed with  nuclear material will still be functional after many rounds of usage in the system .
The idea of MSR is that it will produce less waste and be able to recycle it .
Therefore , the effort put into this area of research is to make MSR a cleaner nuclear reactor plant that  reduces , reuses and recycles its waste .
MSR works better than VHTR in various ways .
It has a 24/7 circulating molten salt fuel mixture in the whole system to generate energy for the masses .
The molten fluoride salt used in the system helps to lower  vapor pressure , thus , reduces stresses on vessel and piping .
As compared to VHTR , it uses helium cooling to transfer heat to electric energy .
This system generates high temperature of up to 1000 degree Celsius .
Therefore , when there is high temperature the pressure in the system will also increase .
A highly pressurized system is dangerous and needs to be consistently monitored to ensure a safe operation as stresses acting on the pipes and vessel can cause the system to explode .
When MSR is operating at high temperature of  eight hundred degrees and above , it can produce another good energy source .
This energy source is hydrogen .
Hydrogen can be used to generate power for machines like hydrogen-powered cars which are clean for the environment .
In VHTR , in order to produce hydrogen for similar usage , it requires another indirect cycle that consists of a heat exchanger .
This will further complicate the VHTR system and additional cost is incurred .
The fuel used in MSR can be recycled as mentioned earlier .
However , in the case of VHTR , the fuel used is  one through fuel cycle and therefore , it requires proper disposal .
Researchers have been looking into this area , to recycle VHTR fuel waste , so that it will be a clean nuclear reactor plant .
One of the reasons for development in Generation 4 nuclear reactor plants is  security reason .
The waste products produced by the current old nuclear plants cannot be recycled and need to be disposed at wasteland .
These wastes are highly radioactive and suitable for making weapons of mass destruction .
If these wastes landed on the wrong hands like terrorists , the world would be in chaos as we live in fear of nuclear attacks by unknown enemies .
Wastes generated by these nuclear plants also bring problems to  future generations .
As these wastes take very long to degrade , the land that holds them will become a wasteland which is not suitable for agricultural , residential and commercial usages .
Therefore ,  Generation 4 nuclear reactor plants like MSR recycle their waste products and do not need to dispose them .
However , in VHTR , as mentioned earlier , it produces wastes and researchers are trying to find solutions to it .
In conclusion , even though MSR costs more due to research than VHTR , its benefits outshine VHTR .
Its performance in low pressure quality can help to reduce stresses on equipment and less chances of industrial accidents than a high pressure system which induces high stress to the equipment .
It is safer than VHTR as it has better safety standards .
Lastly , in the area of security , MSR will not create chances of producing waste that will land on the wrong hands like the terrorists as compared to VHTR which has to deal with secured and proper waste disposal .
There are always concerns about the safe operations of nuclear reactors  , opponents of the supporters of nuclear reactors note that the public's irrational fears towards radiation .
I have chosen the Supercritical water-cooled reactor to support the argument for further research and development funding for  generation IV reactors .
We understand that there are many influential factors to support further research and development funding such as security , cost and performance in the newer generation of nuclear reactors , also known as "Generation IV" reactors .
One of the most important factors to support further research development funding is security .
The public often have doubts when it comes to security and safety issues concerning nuclear reactors .
However , the Supercritical water-cooled reactor is one of the safest reactors compared to current generation II and III reactors .
The SCWR has safety measures such as physical resistance against terrorist attacks .
For example , possibilities of an air attack by terrorist do occur .
However , the penetration of the containment for nuclear elements is not possible .
events that lead to the occurrence of such possibilities would probably not reach the nuclear vessel (Carl & Mark , 2005) .
Ever since the Three Miles Island incident , many new safety regulations have been implemented ; also in SCWR , emergency plans have been set up to prevent such things from happening again .
For instance , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) has set up a 10-mile Emergency Planning Zone (EPZ) to maintain warning zones and also set up sirens and conducted emergency evacuation exercises (Carl & Mark , 2005) .
Such plans are to assist in protecting people within the 10-mile radius .
In addition , cost is a major factor for all sectors including the private sector , the government and the community .
The economics for overall nuclear reactors are hard to estimate .
Normally , the economics of nuclear reactors are basic construction costs , operating costs , the life-time of the plant and the rate of return on capital (Solar Energy Systems) .
Critics often said that the overall cost for using nuclear energy has increased over the years and was relatively high (Jack & Nicolas , 2008) .
In contrast , with the new SCWR , it is possible to decrease its cost since it is cheaper to build than existing nuclear reactors in the United States which consist of the Pressurized Water Reactors and Boiled Water Reactors .
For example , the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission concluded that the operating costs are lower for Light Water Reactors (LWR) compared to coal-fired operating plants and also considerably below the operating costs for gas-fired plants (Solar Energy Systems) .
Thirdly , the performance of the nuclear reactors also contributes to further support and development funding of nuclear reactors .
Performance is measured through the efficient production of electricity , the production and recycle of waste disposal , and the method and characteristics of the nuclear reactor .
Critics often said that nuclear reactors are unsafe , impractical and low in performance .
However , this argument is not true .
The Generation-IV International Forum (GIF) has been formed in order to improve the current generation reactors , thus also improving the performance of the Generation IV reactors .
Since SCWR is under the category of Generation IV reactors , it is also true that in terms of performance , it would be better than current Generation III reactors .
As for the characteristics of the SCWR , it operates above the thermodynamic critical point of water with high temperature and high pressure .
Statistics showed that the thermal efficiency has been increased by 45 percent compared to previous generation reactors (Solar Energy Systems) .
It should be evident that the arguments against supporting further research and development funding for Generation IV reactors are not valid .
On the contrary , recent research also found that 74 percent of the U .S population favors nuclear energy (Ann , 2009) .
Safety measures such as physical resistance and emergency plans have been implemented to improve the security of the SCWR .
Furthermore , the cost of the SCWR which is lower compared to existing LWR reactors also plays an important role in further research on Generation IV reactors .
Nonetheless , the formation of the GIF and the increase in performance  SCWR are also another reason for further research and development of the nuclear reactor .
Therefore , the development of the Generation IV reactors will surely benefit mankind and help  with energy demands of the future .
In today's operating theatre , it is not an uncommon sight to find 3 or more surgeons and nurses needed for a simple operation .
Most surgeries will require even more .
The need for surgical robots will eventually eliminate the number of surgeons and nurses in one operation theatre .
Surgical robots are machines performing operations by having surgeons control them using a computer .
Research shows that patients who undergo robotic surgeries will recover in a shorter time .
According to statistics from Morristown Memorial Hospital (2009) , prostate cancer patients can be discharged from the hospital after one day and return to their normal activities after one week .
Comparing this with  open human surgeries , patients can only return to their daily activities after 4 to 6 weeks .
Surgical robots definitely play an important role in operation theatres in terms of their advantages .
However , as surgical robots are still not widely used , there are some constraints  which patients are concerned about  .
These constraints include the patients' safety in using the system , benefits of the system , as well as the cost of the surgery and the system .
When it comes to  patients' safety , some questions such as the reliability of surgical robots are raised by the public .
Patients feel uneasy having robots operating on them without the presence of humans .
They feel that robots are not able to feel their 'pain' and thus unable to detect any error during the operation .
According to New York Health Times (2009) , surgical robots have successfully helped a patient with a kidney transplant .
This is one of the many successful operations using surgical robots that are happening around the world .
A patient's safety is the responsibility of a surgeon .
The surgeon will ensure that the robots are in good working conditions before having them in operation theatres .
Besides having the robot in the operating room , there will be at least one surgeon in the room to control the robot remotely .
Every movement of the robot's arms is controlled by the surgeon (Morristown Memorial Hospital , 2009) .
There are official training centres available to train surgeons such as the H pitaux Universitaires de Gen ve .
One issue often raised by the public is the need for surgical robots when compared to  traditional method .
The procedures for both robots and traditional surgeries are the same with the only difference of having robots doing the job and surgeons controlling them .
According to University of Geneva (N .D .) , patients who undergo robotic surgeries suffer significantly less pain and less scarring and have a shorter hospital stay .
Some patients chose robotic surgery  solely because of the shorter recovery time (U .S . news , 2009) .
A research  carried out by Detroit's Henry Ford Hospital (2003) states that 100 patients who undergo robotic surgery lost less blood than 100 who had traditional open surgery .
Robotic surgery is useful in some ways such as microscopic precision; it saves manpower and ergonomics .
The surgical robot has keyhole techniques to reach previously untouchable tissues during surgery as unlike in  traditional open surgery (Bonsor , 2008) .
This precise cut will enable less blood loss and therefore , less scarring .
There will be a camera attached to each robot to provide three dimensional images and visual magnification (Morristown Memorial Hospital , 2009) .
This provides safe operation for the surgeons and better control of the system .
Traditional surgeons used to spend long hours operating without changing their hand postures .
With the robot , surgeons can now sit comfortably controlling the robots , hands positioned in a natural forward position , relieving stress as compared to the traditional open surgery (Morristown Memorial Hospital , 2009) .
The final issue is the cost of the surgery and system .
According to an article (The Journal of Urology , 2004) , the cost of each surgery ranges from a few hundreds to a few thousands depending on what surgery is performed .
The cost of the system is estimated at $120 000 with a yearly maintenance of $100 000 (The Journal of Urology , 2004) .
Although the cost is high , it is definitely worth the money given the quality that the system can provide .
The extra cost from the elimination of surgeons can also be used for the maintenance fee of the robots .
The government will also subsidize for the cost of the system and also for people who are in need of financial help .
In conclusion , surgical robots play a very important role in hospitals .
The number of surgeons in each operating theatre is reduced .
Actual precision such as keyhole techniques  produces less scarring and less blood loss .
Robots can also help to reduce hand stress of the surgeons from long hours of surgery .
Surgeons are well-trained before they can operate the robots .
This will enhance safety of patients .
Although the cost of the surgery is high , given the high quality provided from the robots such as shorter hospital stays , faster recovery and safe operation , surgical robots should therefore be encouraged worldwide .
Energy is one of the biggest problems around the world .
What we are facing for the next few hundreds , or even tens of years is the negative side effect of using fossil fuel global warming , and its running out .
Yet , regarding the topic of finding substitute energy , one of the solutions is to rely on nuclear energy .
Nuclear fuel can last longer than fossil fuel in power production and can provide much more energy .
Also , it is cleaner regarding the global warming problem .
On the contrary , there are still some concerns on using nuclear energy: The most important one is about the safety of nuclear power plant its potential radioactive pollution .
Another problem is the performance of nuclear power plant with respect to its cost .
Since it is much more expensive than usually used firepower plant , whether nuclear power plant can provide electricity efficiently with a reasonable cost became a rather essential problem .
Considering the above three concerns: Safety , Cost and Performance , the Generation IV International Forum , formed by ten countries , puts forward six outstanding protocols into Research and Development .
In this essay , I will only compare two of the six reacting systems Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor (SFR) and Very- High-Temperature Reactor (VHTR) from aspects of safety , cost and performance to illustrate SFR is more superior to the other .
tsicofeconomic requirementsmeet theas afor afor aThirdly , about cost , it is quite clear that SFR is among thosn , low-cost Generation IV Because no matter from Research and Development or from plant aspect .
Especially , with only 610M$ , the cost of Research and Development of SFR is exactly the lowest one comparing to the other five protocols ("A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV NucleaalSystems" , 2002) .
In addition , the effectiveness of its utilization of nuclear fuel also ciedntributes to its low cost if it is launched into production .
Therefore , SFR benefits more with its lower cost than VHTR .
In conclusion , Sodium-cooled Fast Reactor has a more consummate security system than Very-High-Temperat , whether based ono insure its safety .
And , the erence featuresn the perforance of SFR and VHTR is minimized .
In addition , the low cost of SFR exactly benefits a lot foreds economic requirement and fetches up the difference of its performance .
Considering above aspects , SFR can meet the future requirement better .
Nuclear energy is a new kind of energy generated from nuclear power plants .
A hugeuge amount of nuclear energy will come out during atomic reactions .
Because of its high efficiency and enormous quantity , nuclear power energy has developed rapidly in recent years .
However , many negative aspects of nuclear energy , such as radiation pollution , waste heat , greenhouse gas emission etc , also cause people to question its reliability .
Nowadays people argue about the safety  and economic cost of nuclear power generation and they doubt  its ability to help ease climate change as well asserted specifically by some scientists .
According to  scientific observations of nuclear power generation and the positive effect of nuclear energy , there is no doubt that nuclear power is one of the best ways for energy generation , although there are some negative influences .
One of the most controversial issues is the safety  of nuclear power plants .
Everyone knows that nuclear reaction produces a lot of radiation waste which will harm human health .
In the past years , accidents did  happen .
One catastrophic example was the Chernobyl accident  in 1986 in Russia which caused 28 deaths within 4 months and up to 56 fatalities by 2004 just because of  steam explosion and a slight waste release of the radiation of the reactor's core (Chernobyl Accident , April 2009) .
Nevertheless , scientists found that nuclear power risks are actually tiny and they can also be further reduced through using the updated technological reactors .
Facts also indicated that the record of the operational safety of nuclear plants is much better than any other types of power plants (debate on nuclear power , n .d) .
Hence , compared with other energy , nuclear energy actually is much safer !
The second controversial topic about nuclear power is its high cost .
Millions and billions of dollars will have to be spent to build a nuclear power plant .
For example , in May 2008 the congressional budget office reported that the actual cost for the construction of 75 nuclear power plants in the USA is 45 .2 billion dollars; furthermore , they eventually cost  144 .6 billion dollars after taking the facilities into account ({ Benjamin K . S .}[HYPERLINK: http://scitizen .com/screens/usersPage/userSummary/sw_userDisplay .php ?idUserDisplayed=899&sign=08b456d033fcee27acbc8caf208135e8] Nov 2008) .
The astronomical cost is the reason why many people are against nuclear energy development .
But the  argument only considersshort-term effects while it does not pay attention to  long-term impact .
In fact , compared to other forms of electricity generation , nuclear power is ascendant with lower cost .
The MIT has published a 2-year study on the prospects of nuclear energy in USA .
The results showed that the generation cost is 4 .2 c/kWh , which is just the same as coal , eliminating all carbon cost .
An industry study for European electricity has made a comparison of the electricity costs among gas , coal and nuclear in 2005 .
The final data suggested that with its 5% discount rate , nuclear is much cheaper than all the others  (The Economics of Nuclear Power , July 2009) .
In the long run , the cost of nuclear power is much lower than others .
The notion of addressing the world's power needs has never been more pressing as developing countries become more developed , population increases tremendously and demands for power supply escalate exponentially .
It is in time like this that mankind is driven to innovate and churn out alternate solutions , hoping that coupled with existing ones , he can solve or at the very least tackle the problem effectively; and in this case , an experimented , practical solution would be the further development of nuclear energy .
Due to the numerous advantages that nuclear energy brings about , it is very likely to be one of the most feasible solutions to the world's energy crisis .
While there are public concerns about  cost , security and safety issues involved , the new generation IV reactors are proposed to address these areas of concern .
One particularly advanced concept is the Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) , which makes use of helium coolant , which is inert and not reactive , and produces electricity and hydrogen , which is in turn used for the formation of hydrogen cell (GEN IV International Forum , 2003) .
These advantages , along with other safety precaution in place , will definitely serve to tackle the energy problem of the world .
Declan Butler (2004 , May 20) .
Nuclear Power's New Dawn .
Nature , 429 ,238
EU and Energy research (2007 , September) .
Reactor for processing heat , hydrogen and electricity .
Retrieved October 30 , 2009 , from EU and Energy research: {http://ec .europa .eu/research/energy/fi/fi_cpa/other/article_3859_en .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://ec .europa .eu/research/energy/fi/fi_cpa/other/article_3859_en .htm]
The next key agenda on the minds of the public is nonetheless the safety considerations and implications that these nuclear reactors can have .
While we can gladly say that nuclear leakages are not rampant over the past few years , we can never forget the reactor meltdown back in 1979 at Three Mile Island , where lives were taken away (Butler D , 2004) .
This not only serves as a reminder for generations but also for scientists to reflect upon and further enhance their research .
In fact , it is because of these very reasons that the Generation IV reactors were proposed --  to further improve on the safety aspect of existing reactors .
Indeed , nuclear power development carries with them a social stigma; being dangerous and harmful to the society even in the modern world as mankind is skeptical about its use and benefits , and instead are more wary of the few incidents whereby lives were lost .
However , this societal stigma can be eradicated with the help of time , together with education on nuclear energy .
Nuclear energy does not produce greenhouse gases or acid rain , and thus governments abiding by the Kyoto Protocol will definitely be looking at this to cut down on  greenhouse emission .
I definitely believe that it is too early to simply brush aside the whole concept of nuclear energy and classify it as being unsafe .
While we might have our reservations , given the test of time , nuclear energy will be able to prove its worth in our society .
GEN IV International Forum (2003 , Nov 6) .
Generation IV nuclear energy system .
Retrieved October 30 , 2009 , from GIF: {http://www .gen4forum .org/technologies/vhtr .shtml}[HYPERLINK: http://www .gen4forum .org/technologies/vhtr .shtml]
McCarthy , J .
(2008 , October 17) .
Nuclear Energy is the most certain future source .
Retrieved October 30 , 2009 , from John McCarthy's Home Page: {http://www-formal .stanford .edu/jmc/progress/nuclear-faq .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www-formal .stanford .edu/jmc/progress/nuclear-faq .html]
World Nuclear Association (20008 , August) .
Generation IV Nuclear Reactors .
Retrieved October 30 , 2009 , from World Nuclear Association: {http://www .world-nuclear .org/info/inf77 .html}[HYPERLINK: http://www .world-nuclear .org/info/inf77 .html]
The devastating damage and long-term , "chronic" consequences of the two nuclear disasters at Hiroshima and Nagasaki  still remind us about how dangerous this type of weapons is .
Greenpeace and a lot of volunteer groups and organizations around the world are trying their best to ensure that those calamities will never occur again .
Nevertheless , the scenario of no fuel resources left and increasing extreme weather caused by global warming nowadays have pushed us to reconsider nuclear power .
Governments and scientists support the wide use and development of nuclear power .
Obviously , to lessen the world's thirst for energy in the long term , and to reduce the growing number of disasters , I am in favor of using nuclear power as a main resource of energy in the future .
First of all , we have to ease  public worry .
Consequences of nuclear disasters are still among the most fearful images of the human race .
With approval to widely use nuclear power , authorities have to be responsible for the safety of the entire process .
Mistakes are impermissible because they would kill several people and totally destroy a huge area .
There are also a lot of nerve-wracking problems , particularly chronic diseases many years after a disaster .
Security is the second issue when operating nuclear power plants .
Discrimination is widespread around the world due to terrorism , racism and religion .
Some nations even publicize their support for these idealisms .
Because of this , any source of  .
Otherwise , the degree of destruction would be more fatal than those mistakes in operating nuclear power plants .
However , the shift from fossil fuels to nuclear power is inevitable .
Global warming and worldwide shortage of energy are main problems .
Typhoon Ketsana , Hurricane Katrina , and tsunamis striking the South- and South-East Asia are some apparent consequences of global warming .
In addition , more difficult problems soon arise if we keep using fossil fuels .
Acidification , famine , and disappearance of permafrost , coastal areas and agricultural lands will threaten our future  .
The reserves for fossil fuels are running out .
Thus , nuclear energy is a prominent alternative .
Further research brought us the promising generation IV concept , the very-high-temperature reactor (VHTR) .
It not only generates 50% more electricity  than conventional plants from the same amount of fuel , but can also split hydrogen from water , which is another fuel for the future .
Then , we can use energy that is safe , abundant , reliable , inexpensive and yet proliferation resistant (Butler , 2004) .
First of all , it is possible to generate a large amount of electricity with just a plant .
The VHTR has the highest potential among the six generation IV reactor designs .
Many plants operating at the same time will give us more than enough electricity for industrial and city needs .
It is a remarkable benefit of nuclear energy compared to other developing kinds of energy like solar energy and wind power .
Those types just meet the requirements of residential , office and house needs .
Using nuclear power is a long-term solution to human need for energy .
That is why nuclear energy is said to be abundant .
Secondly , this technology has had a long process of development while solar energy and wind power have just been developed recently .
Humans do not need to invest too much on it compared to other kinds of energy .
Thus , a large amount of money can be saved .
Thirdly , nuclear energy frees us from fossil fuel dependence .
That means no monopoly of some oil-rich nations like in the present .
It will prevent some countries from abusing fuel as a way of achieving political and economic power to form a new world order .
In contrast with fossil fuel , uranium is evenly deposited around the world .
Thus , there will be enough fuel for all nationsand regions .
With this fuel , nuclear power plants are no longer vulnerable to some unexpected scenarios , such as wars , natural disasters or economic disorders .
This is the reliability of nuclear energy .
Lastly , more procedures will help decrease the potential danger of nuclear energy .
Nuclear waste can also be recycled and reprocessed .
Thanks to the rapid pace of technology development nowadays , new materials for reactor construction , ways of observing and controlling process , we can be assured that past accidents like Chernobyl will never happen again .
Without nuclear disasters , no people die due to working inside nuclear power plants .
However , each year , many people all over the world die from respiratory diseases because of the burning of coal , gas , oil , etc .
In conclusion , the advantages of nuclear energy outweigh the disadvantages .
Regulatory systems will create more strict safety measures .
As global energy demands are predicted to soar  relentlessly , nuclear energy is a prominent resource .
It will not only mitigate the consequences of global warming , but also help lessen the world's thirst for fuel for a long period .
We , human beings , have to adapt to a new age of nuclear powerand  fully exploit it rather than be uneasy and doubtful about this controversial type of energy .
With increasing concerns over the impact of global warming and oil prices , fossil fuels alone will not be able to meet the world's increasing energy demand in the future  .
While oil will remain indispensible for transport for a long time , nuclear energy , with its large and cheap output of energy , has the potential to play a big role in supplying the rest of the world's energy demands .
Nuclear energy is currently supplying 17% of the world's energy demand ;  however this number is projected to drop as old plants close more frequently than new ones open .
Unless a new source of sustainable energy is discovered , continuous research and development of nuclear energy should be conducted in order to sustain the economies of the world .
The Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) is one of the nuclear generation IV reactor concepts that should be given priority in  research and development .
It uses helium , an unreactive gas , as a coolant and operates at high temperature to achieve high efficiency .
It has  one of the earliest delivery dates among the other generation IV reactors .
Many projects incurred high costs due to extended periods of research and development , thus it is economically more sensible to give priority to a project that has an earlier delivery date .
Moreover , the VHTR does not require the reprocessing of nuclear waste , thus avoiding the separation of plutonium , a key ingredient in making advanced nuclear weapons .
The difference between the cost of nuclear and conventional power plants is perhaps the most important factor in the research and development of the former .
The costs mainly comprise of two components: the investment and generation cost .
Typically , the investment cost of a nuclear power plant is much higher due to its design .
However , based on generation cost , nuclear power plants have a significant economic advantage over conventional power plants .
The high investment cost is offset by the generation cost , making nuclear energy a much cheaper form of energy .
According to Jones and Woite (1990) , in countries where raw materials for generation of energy is not readily available , nuclear electricity is significantly cheaper .
On the other hand , for example in the coal-rich regions of China , coal-based electricity is much cheaper .
Many countries depend on the import of oil , gases and coal for generation of electricity , which means that cheaper electricity is only limited to countries with control over fossil fuel .
Since 1990 , oil prices have risen steadily as sources of fossil fuel decrease and demands for fossil fuel increase .
It is apparent that eventually nuclear energy will be significantly cheaper even in regions that are rich in fossil fuel .
The main reason for public opposition to nuclear energy could be the lack of confidence in the safe operation of nuclear power plants  .
The Chernobyl (1986) and Three Mile Island (1979) accidents are frightening examples of how devastating a nuclear accident can be .
Even until today , people are  dying from the effects of radiation caused by the accidents .
During World War II , the world also witnessed the large scale effects of radiation on both environment and humans when an atomic bomb was dropped over Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
The nuclear power industry is still a relatively new one and  confidence in the safe running of  nuclear reactors comes only with experience over time .
Despite this , the nuclear industry has already an established safety system and stringent checks , and over time , the industry would be able to prove its safety records .
There has been a concern over how the growth of nuclear power will contribute to nuclear proliferation .
The world now already has enough nuclear weapons to blow up the whole planet .
In addition , majority of the nations with nuclear plants own nuclear weapons as well and the nations with the most number of nuclear plants own most of the nuclear weapons worldwide .
Nuclear was first developed under a project codenamed "The Manhattan Project" and it was fueled by  competition with the Nazis to develop the world's first atomic bomb during  War World II .
The technology was later used to generate energy , thus it is inevitable that most countries own both nuclear weapons and plants .
With the introduction of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) , majority of the nations have adhered to it and has since concluded that it is also in their security interest to remain without nuclear weapons .
In summary , nuclear energy will continue to play an important role in meeting the world's energy demands .
However , with increasing public opposition to nuclear technology due to the harmful effects of the radiation produced , in recent years more plants have shut down than new ones opening .
The cause is due to concerns over the cost of nuclear plants and most importantly , the safe operation of nuclear plants and the issue of nuclear proliferation .
The concerns are uncalled for as continuous research and development will bring about cheaper and safer operation of nuclear plants .
Measures are also in place to keep nuclear proliferation in check .
As new reactor concepts develop  , it is no surprise that nuclear energy is the "next big thing" .
Have you heard about the nuclear leak in Bhopal which led to more than 2000 deaths ?
Such disastrous events also happened in Pennsylvania and Chernobyl nuclear power plant in the Soviet Union .
The serious consequences caused by nuclear leaks make the experts consider over and over again before ordering new nuclear plants .
Nowadays , because of the desperate need of human societies for long term energy sources , the experts are forced to explore a safer and more economic reactor to generate nuclear power .
(NBF , 2007) .Under this scenario , Molten salt reactors (MSRs) are the best options for three reasons .
In the first place , Molten salt reactors are much safer due to the properties of the chosen salt mixture and the low pressure .
Moreover , it is more economic to develop MSRs .
Finally , most of the technology challenge can be overcome .
Moreover , Molten salt reactor costs less than other reactors under development which is indicathe othern the table .
Why fluorides are favored to be used as coolant is because fluorine does not need expensive isotope separation as chlorine does (Per F . P . & HaiHua Z . , 2004) .
What is more , in the core of reactor , the pressure is relatively low .
Thus there is no need for the quite expensive high-pressure steam vessel .
Instead , the low prssure pipes built of thin sheets of metal are used .
Since the metal pipes are thick , it costs less to construct and weld .
In addition , the efficiency is raised effectively due to the high temperature , which accordingly reduces the use of fueost of complementary ) .quipment by 50% or more .
{(GIF , 2007)}[HYPERLINK: http://www .gen-4 .org/Technology/systems/msr .htm] These properties imply that MSRs can work in small sizes , which reduces the cost of land and construction .
reducingFurthermora M , some experts do not support MSRs for two constraints .
One is that the alloy Hastelloy-N cannot matcFlouridesmperature of the reaction .
The otheis the decay heat produced by noble metals which can damage the heat exchanger .
(Paul P . , 2002) Nevertheless , these two limitations can bethe rsolved by carbon-carbon heat exchangers .
A Thus ,eries of experiments show that graphite-based materials can well match the tempture of molten salts which is as high as 700 to 800 Celsius .
Actually , the carbon-carbon heattheyxchaners are compatible with molten salts even 1000 Celsius .
For the second constraint , phite is not easy to be wetted by fluoride salts .
Therefore , the amount of plated out noble metals is significantly reduced and it is easy for trapping systems to remove those noble metal from the system .
(Per F . P . & HaiHua Z . , 2004)
) .In conclusion , it is worthwhile to further develop thereasonst reactor in order to fulfill the booming energy demands .
First is because MSRs are relatively safe among the other reactors under development .
Besides , MSRs provide the counties a much more) .economic way to develop nuclear plant .
Last but not least , the two main challenges of MSRs are solved by the new technology called carbon-carbon heat exchanger .
Thus , under current circumstance , the new dawn of Molten salt reactor will come soon .
Many major engineering accidents have occurred around the world such as the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl accidents .
Some feel that  incorporating psychology into the design process can help to avoid such accidents from happening .
This could be one of the reasons why Psychology is now being taught in the design graduate programs of many institutes , such as Chicago's Institute of Design ; it is also used in some design firms (Psychology by design , n .d) .
Psychology is , in short , the scientific study of human mind and its functions , especially those affecting behaviour .
By understanding psychology one would be able to enhance his or her thinking style and creativity , therefore would be able to come up with  better solutions during the design process .
Therefore , the use of psychology in the design process would help to prevent major engineering accidents from happening again .
There are a group of people who might strongly feel that if proper research has been done , the engineers at Eschede would have come up with a better design such that any fault in the wheels would have been detected and hence prevented the train from moving .
High technology research on this aspect of design would have been possible and hence would have prevented the accident .
However , the study of psychology focusing on  Human Computer Interaction (HCI) helps one to use the rapidly advancing telecommunication and research facilities to their advantage .
As mentioned , "modern information and communication technologies drastically change the nature of the design process" (Wilpert , 2007 p .297) .
Therefore , the study of HCI would better enable the engineers to analyse  information they gather and would hence  to be able to come up with innovative designs which look into the safety of the design .
Therefore , the use of  psychology would have helped  prevent the accident .
The world's population is predicted to expand from about 6 billion people to 10 billion people by the year 2050 CITATION ATe02 \l 1033 (A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear , 2002) .
And global energy demand is expected to double at that time CITATION Nuc04 \l 1033 (Nuclear Power's New Dawn , 2004) .
Today's energy use has caused adverse environmental problems so the energy supply will be far from sufficient for future demand .
Now the whole world has the same goals of sustainable development .
Then should we concern over environmental pollution , climate change , and energy availability so the use of energy supplies which clean , safe and economically effective is necessary .
Currently , a general recognition suggests that nuclear power is a good sustainable energy .
However , the public is very concerned about the safe operation of nuclear reactors , economic costs , technical risks , waste disposal of the nuclear energy systems .
To solve these problems , six generation IV reactor concepts are planned .
Compared with the other five concepts , the Molten Salt Reactor (MSR) advances in safety , reliability , performance and economics .
In my point of view , people should support the farther research on MSR technology to fulfill human's energy consumption in the future .
d ,narycarry outFurthermore , another main concern from the public is the performance is concernedation during reaction process .
But the fact is that the MSR will be advanced enough to solve these problems .
The MSR systemeasuress an integrated fuel cycle .
This implies that to build a MSR coud be smaller than other reactor concepts and that the efficiency of thermal power output would be higher CITATION Cha04 4) .
At the same time ) .
can split hydrogen from water , which ca and be alternativreactivity .
Thesport to deal with oil shortage CITATION Nuc04 \l 1033 (Nuclear Power's New Dawn , 2004) .
So its performance is quite advwhen and among the six coallows for more efficient conversion of heat to electricity and shorter-lived radioactivity , the radiation can be minimycled and now new technology is planned to isolate waste from the biosphere .
CITATION Lui09 \l 1caused by3 (Echavarri , 2009)As the result , radiation and waste will not be a significant problem anymore .
estechnology developsee ,a wellrelativelyesOpponentsl challenges are using green resources and energy to get a radical reduction of CO2 emissiesns to deal with climate change and to pursue sustainable development .
The MSR can produce nuclear energy with high safety and efficiency .
Even though lots of problems still need to be solved , the benefits are far greater than disadvantages .
So furr research on the MSRould be supported .
In recent years , oil has become very important to many people by providing fuel for cars and most importantly , generating electricity .
We are using more tools that require electricity with technological advancement .
This means that we need more oil to meet our rising energy demands , causing the oil price to increase due to depleting oil reserves .
At the same time , burning oil to generate electricity also releases a large amount of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
This has caused many environmental problems like global warming .
Thus , there is a need for us to find other ways of generating electricity .
One alternative we have is nuclear power .
However , there are many who oppose  this idea because they feel that this choice is expensive , unsafe and cannot perform as well as others like renewable energy .
Thus , scientists have come out with the idea of Generation IV Reactors , which will be safer , cheaper and better in terms of performance .
The Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) is one of these reactors .
Since  the Generation IV Reactor that is expected to have one of the earliest deliveries with the highest power output (Butler , 2004) ,  research on it should be supported and continued .
Firstly , many people oppose the use of nuclear power as a form of energy because it is expensive to research and build  .
However , they do not realise that nuclear power is expensive only at the early stage .
In the long run , nuclear power is still a cheaper alternative fuel as VHTR can generate fifty percent more electricity from the same amount of fuel in the current coal-powered power plants (Butler , 2004) .
Besides this , the rising price of oil will eventually become much more expensive than the radioactive materials used .
In the long run , the cost of setting up the plant and researching can be offset .
Thus , nuclear power is not expensive compared to other sources .
Secondly , people may argue that nuclear power is not safe  because of the radiation that radioactive materials give out .
The Three Mile Island accident and Chernobyl accident are evidence of their claims .
In the Chernobyl accident alone , there were fifty-six deaths (World Nuclear Association , 2004) .
Hence , they feel that nuclear power is dangerous .
Yet , according to the World Nuclear Association (2008) , the most serious case of nuclear reactor accident was the Chernobyl accident with fifty-six deaths while a recent coal mine methane explosion in China has caused seventy-eight deaths .
Thus , nuclear power is not as dangerous as we thought .
Furthermore , in the new concept of VHTR , it will be "meltdown proof" so it will  still be safe if accidents happen (Butler , 2004) .
Thus , nuclear power is not as dangerous compared to other sources of energy and  VHTR can be made safer with modern technology .
Lastly , people claimed that it cannot perform as well as other sources of energy since it is not sustainable (Langwith , 2009) .
The radioactive materials will run out one day like oil and coal , giving us the problems that coal and oil are giving us today .
Thus , they feel that we should use renewable resources like solar and wind for power .
However , nuclear power is actually a better choice over other sources of energy because it has the best output for its cost and land area occupied .
Many renewable resources like solar and wind require a lot more land mass to generate sufficient energy (Mckenna , 2007) .
Thus , the amount of electricity generated per land area is not as much as nuclear power .
So , if we use renewable resources , we will have to clear more land , which is harmful to the environment .
Furthermore , nuclear power is one of the cheapest powers to generate now (The Royal Academy of Engineering , 2004) .
Thus , even though nuclear power cannot perform for a long time like other renewable powers ,  it is the best performing power that we can rely on now for its efficiency per land area and cost .
In conclusion , coal and oil are no longer sources of energy that we should rely on because of their rising costs and environmental impact .
Thus , there is a need for other sources of power .
Currently , generating power using the nuclear reactor , VHTR , will be our best choice since it has zero emission , cheap , safe and efficient .
Thus ,  research on VHTR should be continued and funded to get ourselves ready before the demand for energy increases much more in 2050 as predicted (Butler , 2004) .
Fund the development of Generation = 4 \* ROMAN IV Nuclear Reactors
As noted in "Nuclear power's new dawn" , Butler said that the public is concerned about the safe operation of nuclear reactors .
Public opposition was one reason why few nuclear reactors have been built in the past few decades in many countries .
However , nuclear energy is more efficient and gives a new future for  energy consumption , especially after the use of generation  IV nuclear reactors (Hill , 2008) .
In my perspective , it is a good choice to support and fund the development of generation  IV nuclear reactors for future energy consumption .
A country can also benefit a lot from nuclear energynot because it is a kind of future energy but also because it can enhance the speed of economic development (Hill , 2008) .
People always say that economic development will depend on  comprehensive national strength or  national power , not  nuclear energy .
However , they may not see the importance of nuclear energy in improving  .
According to a report made by OPEC , in 2009 , China consumed 8 .27 million barrels of oil a day , which is 0 .29 million barrels more per day than 2008 .
And China will rely almost 50% of its whole energy consumption on oil .
The money for oil import is a huge number and that money can do many other infrastructure constructions .
As mentioned before , the material for nuclear energy can produce much more energy per kilogram .
Hence , China will reduce a lot of its oil import if nuclear energy is widely used and accepted by the public .
The generation  IV reactors will perform very well in this aspect .
If we can support and fund the nuclear energy for future development , it will enhance the speed of economic development .
As we advance into the age of technology , we witness many breakthroughs .
It is significant that nuclear power has marked a new era of science and technology .
However , some people have lost their confidence in nuclear power development after the occurrence of nuclear disasters in Three Mile Island and Chernobyl .
But the generation IV reactors that are currently under research and development have been greatly improved and hence they are much safer than conventional plants .
Of the six generation IV reactors ,  the Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) has the most potential to be selected for further R&D funding .
Specifically , compared with the Molten Salt Reactor (MSR) , the VHTR is saferand incurs low operation and maintenance costs and modular construction costs .
The MSR operates at the temperature of 700-800  C and low pressurs .
On the other hand , the VHTR requires a very high pressure since inert helium is used to keep the reactor cool .
Thus , the VHTR would incura higherr cost of installing since it needs thicker pipes to sustain the high pressure .
However , the VHTR which operates at a higher temperature is highly efficientin then conversion of heat to electricity compared to the MSR .
For instance , the VHTR could squeeze 50% more electricity from the same amount of fuel compared to conventional plants (Butler , 2004) .
Therefore , with economy of scale , the cost of installing and maintaining the VHTR increaese less than proportionately with the plants' generating capacity due to its high efficiency .
Moreover , additionalR & D technologiesD for the VHTR includings high temperature alloy , fiber reinforced ceramics and composite materials can further improve the efficiency and cut down the costs (U .S . Department of Energy Nuclear , 2002) .
For instance , an optimized approachtor dealing with graphite is currently under research .
Thus , the VHTR is much cheaper than the MSR in overallcosts .
Some people might have a wrong assumption that the MSR has higher performance than the VHTR since it is a fast reactor that relies on fast neutrons while the latter is a thermal reactor that relies on moderators to slow neutrons first .
However , this is not true because the reactors' performances  also depend on  temperature and pressure .
In fact , the overall plant efficiency of the VHTR is more than 50%  compared to MSR's  44-50% .
This is because the VHTR is operating at a higher temperature , thus its thermal power output is up to 600 MW .
In addition , the VHTR is operating in a midsized plant as compared to the MSR which is  large in size .
Thus , it is true that the VHTR has higher performance .
Research shows that the MSR is safe to operate and maintain as the molten fluoride salts used are mechanically and chemically stable at sea-level pressures (DestinationScience .com) .
However , the MSR is operating with closed fuel cycle while the VHTR is operating with an open fuel cycle system .
Thus , the VHTR is neutral in sustainability which means that VHTR spent fuel that could be disposed of in a geological repository or conditioned for optimum waste disposal .
Therefore , the VHTR is definitely safe to be used because the encapsulation for the spent fuel fission products has been further improved so it is extremely resistant to leaching in a final repository (U .S . Department of Energy Nuclear , 2002) .
Furthermore , the MSR discards a larger amount of waste compared to the VHTR .
Even though  waste from the MSR undergoes recycling ,  this process is unsecure as this bypasses the stage where plutonium , an active ingredient for nuclear weapons , is produced .
Hence ,  plants might become  targets of terrorist .
In addition , the cost of recycling is very expensive and a lot of fuel still ends up as waste .
On the other hand , the VHTR enhances minimization through fuel recycling .
From the analysis , the VHTR will spend fuel in a symbiotic fuel cycle that can achieve significant reductions in waste quantity and radio toxicity because of its ability to accommodate a wide variety of mixtures of fissile and fertile materials without significantly modifying the core design (U .S . Department of Energy Nuclear , 2002) .
Thus , in terms of safety and security , the VHTR is actually much safer than the MSR .
In conclusion , the VHTR provides an economically competitive nuclear heat source and hydrogen production capability (Idaho National Laboratory Idaho Falls , 2006) .
Therefore , unremitting efforts and funding should be put into its research and development so that it would give a fresh impetus to enhance the development of nuclear power .
Should funding be given to  Supercritical Water Cooled Reactor over the other Generation IV reactors ?
There has been much debate on whether to develop Generation IV reactors , or to continue using Generation III reactors , which are much safer (Butler , 2004) .
However , with the rising need for energy , going ahead to develop the Generation IV concepts is a logical choice .
Among the six chosen concepts for Generation IV reactors , the Supercritical Water Cooled Reactor (SCWR) is one of the more popular choices (Butler , 2004) .
The SCWR has a much simpler design compared to the other chosen reactors , and would be cheaper to build and operate (Cogeneration Technologies , 2002) .
This will fulfill the nuclear reactors' main purpose of generating affordable and reliable electricity (Buongiorno , 2003) .
In addition , the SCWR is developed from existing technologies that work , which will result in a reduction in the cost of building it and also an increase in its reliability (Buongiorno , 2002) .
Therefore , the SCWR is the most feasible choice among all the other generation IV reactors .
The main reason for choosing the SCWR over the other reactors is the low cost of development (Buongiorno , 2003) .
The SCWR requires the least to develop , compared with the other reactors .
This is due to the SCWR being developed from existing technologies , and some of its core components can be recycled .
In addition , the coolant , water , used by the SCWR is the cheapest among the chosen Generation IV reactors .
The SCWR also creates hydrogen , which can be sold to the hydrogen economy , resulting in the reduction of operating costs (Buongiorno , 2003) .
Opponents of the SCWR would argue that water is a precious resource , and the amount of clean water available is decreasing .
This problem can be solved by using other methods to generate the water needed for the coolant .
One of the methods available to date is the distillation of sea water .
As the Earth is mostly made up of  water , there will be enough water to be used for the coolant of the SCWR .
Therefore , with the low cost needed to develop and run the SCWR , it will be an apt choice for more funding and development .
People who favor other reactors may argue that the SCWR's performance may not match with other reactors .
However , in terms of performance , the SCWR can match the thermal efficiency of the other reactors (Idano National Library , 2009) .
The thermal efficiency of the SCWR is 45% , an improvement from the 33% of the light water reactors (LWR) , which the SCWR is developed from .
This thermal efficiency can match up to that of the Very-High-Temperature Reactor (VHTR) , which has an estimated thermal efficiency of 50% .
The VHTR has the highest thermal efficiency among the generation IV concepts (Idano National Library , 2009) .
The VHTR runs at a temperature of 1000 degree Celsius , which is twice the temperature of the SCWR , which meant higher risks of a reactor meltdown (Butler , 2004) .
Therefore , with lower risks and a thermal efficiency that can match the other reactors , the SCWR is clearly a more superior choice , compared with the other Generation IV reactors .
Research and development has to be done before any of the Generation IV reactors can be implemented (Butler , 2004) .
In terms of the research needed , the SCWR has the least amount of research needed .
The only areas that require more research are mainly security and safety (Buongiorno , 2003) , which mainly require new materials that can withstand high temperature and also radiation at the same time .
Materials that can withstand corrosion at high temperatures are also required (Buongiorno , 2003) .
To date , several suitable materials have been identified .
Materials such as ferritic-martensitic steels and lowswelling austenitic steels for parts exposed to high neutron doses , high-strength austenitic steels and nickel-based alloys parts exposed to low neutron doses were some of the materials indentified .
These materials are currently being tested for their suitability (Buongiorno , 2003) .
As for security , all reactors have to address the same problem of preventing terrorist attacks and sabotages .
Therefore , without any other major problems , the SCWR is the more logical choice to place more emphasis on .
The SCWR is clearly the reactor to receive more funding , as it requires the least cost and research to be developed .
In addition , the SCWR is one of the two reactors that does not reprocess plutonium waste (Butler , 2004) .
This further supports the case of more funding for the SCWR .
In conclusion , the SCWR should receive more funding , as it is the most promising concept out of the six chosen concepts .
Generation IV nuclear reactor Very high Temperature Reactor versus Sodium Cooled Fast Reactor
The rapid decrease in the amount of fossil fuels is leading to development of alternative energy sources .
Nuclear power is one of the frontier alternative power technologies that people have huge interest in .
However , converting nuclear power into usable energy is not a simple process .
Unfortunately , the development is not aided by nuclear disasters , such as the Chernobyl disaster in 1986 and  the Three Mile Island disaster in 1979 , which are two of the most serious accidents which happened in nuclear power plants .
* "The Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor (SFR)" .
* "Very High Temperature Reactor(VHTR)" .
Generation iv technology forum .
19 Oct . 2009 .
< {http://www .gen-4 .org/Technology/systems/sfr .htm}[HYPERLINK: http://www .gen-4 .org/Technology/systems/sfr .htm]>
* "Sodium Cooled Faster Reactor" .
* "Very High Temperature Reactor " .
indaho national laboratory  .
19 Oct . 2009 .
< {http://nuclear .inl .gov/gen4/sfr .shtml}[HYPERLINK: http://nuclear .inl .gov/gen4/sfr .shtml]>
6 .
M . J . Lineberry and T .R .
Allen "THE SODIUM-COOLED FAST REACTOR (SFR)" .
Argonne National Laboratory .
<nuclearstreet .com/files/folders/1654/download .aspx>
The current nuclear power plants use generation II reactors , for example , Pressurized Water Reactors and boiling water reactors .
However , the efficiency , security , economics and sustainability of generation II nuclear reactors are not up to the mark .
New nuclear technology is definitely needed to be developed to achieve a broader application in the power industry .
As a result , generation IV international forum (GIF) , initiated in 2000 , is currently developing six new nuclear technologies for deployment between 2020 and 2030 .
We will discuss two out of the six new nuclear technologies---Very High Temperature Reactor (VHTR) and Sodium Cooled Fast Reactor (SFR) .
Then we will decide which one will better meet the energy deman of the future .
VHPR is a good reactor for utilization in the future .
It offers the potential for the cogeneration of electricity and hydrogen , alongside process heat .
Moreover , VHPR is expected to achieve an even higher efficiency than SFR due to its higher operating temperature .
However , after considering sustainability and practicality factors , SFR is better .
It is proven scientifically that hydrogen could be generated in the VHPR system .
However , it is not important , as no research has proven that the method of generating hydrogen can achieve a higher efficiency compared with generating electricity .
Besides , from a practical point of view , electricity is more widely used than hydrogen .
Most of the devices and appliances we are using today use electricity as a source of energy .
There is a rather mature and secure electricity transit and selling system in the world , while hydrogen transit is still a problem waiting to be solved .
Nuclear power is a good substitution for fossil fuel .
The utilization of nuclear power is going to change the world and people's way of living  in the future .
At present , it is necessary for people to decide which one of the six new nuclear technologies is most valuable to our power needs .
It is reasonable to choose Sodium Cooled Fast Reactor instead of Very High Temperature Reactor since SFR has a narrower technology gap , safer and more environmentally friendly , can achieve a high efficiency rate and has the potential to be developed to reach a higher efficiency level beyond the hypothesis .
Work cited:
* "Nuclear power's new dawn" .
Nature .
20 May 2004: VOL429 .
The first nuclear reactor was invented by Dr Fermi in 1934  .It produced plutonium for the world's first atomic bomb ("World first nuclear reactor , " 2008) .
The bomb , dropped in Japan during the World War II , killed more than 200 ,000 people .
In 1986 , the worst nuclear accident in history broke out in Chernobyl .
The meltdown of the nuclear plant caused 30 immediate deaths along with 100 ,000 cases of fatal cancers in the years that followed (Greenpeace UK , 2006) .
Seventy years into the nuclear age , we are being constantly reminded of its power and danger .
However , the world today has come to a crossroad where we might have to reconsider the role of nuclear power .
In many instances , nuclear power could be a solution to problems we are facing now .
For example , fossil fuel combustion which emits greenhouse gases can be substituted with nuclear power to produce electricity .
Nevertheless , with the high cost and the inadequately safe nuclear technology that we have now , convincing people to embrace nuclear power will not be possible without safer and cheaper technology .
Out of the various fourth generation nuclear reactors currently being researched , the Very High Temperature Reactor , also known as the VHTR , is one of the most promising ones .
Conventional nuclear reactors utilize heat produced from nuclear fission to boil water .
This water becomes steam and drives a turbine which produces electricity .
The VHTR , on the other hand , utilizes the heat to boil helium , an inert gas , which drives the turbine directly .
This brings up the efficiency of the reactor by as much as 50 percent (Hecht , 2008) .
Besides efficiency , VHTR also shows its potential in two other aspects .
The first aspect is in its inherent safety design .
In conventional nuclear reactors , the radioactive fission products remain in the reactor's core .
In the event of an explosion , these products will dissipate into the surrounding .
The VHTR , however , is designed such that the fission products are trapped inside the fuel particles .
These fuel particles , coated with layers of uranium oxycarbide , have the ability to absorb the radioactivity and withstand a temperature of 2000c , way above the working temperature of 1600c (Hecht , 2008) .
People may be concerned that the high temperature of VHTR can trigger an explosion .
However , the worry is unnecessary because the VHTR is able to shut down itself in a situation of abnormal high temperature .
When above normal working temperature is reached , the VHTR reactor is able to catch the highly accelerated neutrons and stop the chain fission reactions completely , thereby shutting down the whole system .
This is evidenced by the test carried out on one of the VHTR prototypes , HTR-10 in 2004 .
The helium coolant was cut off from the system and the reactor was able to shut down automatically without leakage of any radioactive particles (Hecht , 2008) .
The second aspect lies in its economics .
Most people are aware that building a nuclear plant is expensive .
According to a report by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (2009) on the cost of nuclear power , the overnight cost (cost without interest incurred) of building a nuclear plant is US$4000 / kwh (kilowatt hour of electricity produced) .
A coal-fuelled plant of the same scale only cost US$1300/ kwh .
While its initial cost is high , VHTR makes up for its efficiency and versatility .
Besides electricity , VHTR also produces heat and hydrogen which can be harnessed for other industrial applications .
For example , heat can be used for petrochemical reprocessing while hydrogen can be used as fuel in fuel cell plants to produce even more electricity .
Hence , VHTR is actually more profitable to operate as electricity , heat and hydrogen can be obtained altogether .
Besides , non-monetary economics should be considered at the same time .
Traditional coal-fuelled power plants produce 20% of the world's emissions of greenhouse gases ("Coal and climate change fact" , n .d .) while VHTR does not produce any of such gases .
The environmental damage done , though not measurable in dollars and cents , should also be taken into account as  cost .
In this context , VHTR is much cheaper than coal-fuelled plants .
To conclude , VHTR is not only safe , but it is also more efficient than existing reactors .
With further research , it is possible that the cost of VHTR can be lowered further and will appeal as a better alternative to existing nuclear systems .
Nuclear energy was once regarded as a major future energy source which would provide cheap and clean energy .
Even though it gained popularity in the 1970s , the partial meltdown of the nuclear power plant's core on Three Mile Island in 1979 and Chernobyl explosion in 1986 had a serious taint on the popularity of the use of Nuclear energy as an energy source .
Chernobyl explosion caused less than 60 radiation-related death and required resettlement of over 336 ,000 people .
Although more serious incident is yet to occur , people are increasingly concerned about the potential hazardous threat posed by the nuclear plants .
Nuclear reactors produce harmful or even deadly radiation while radioactive nuclear wastes are extremely difficult to handle and may even explode with no warning .
Nuclear reactors also produce plutonium as a by-product which can be used in the nuThe Clear weapons .
It raises a global concern that terrorists or aggressive countrnuclear have easier access to the nuclear weapons and may threaten the world peace .
Also , nuclear hseactors are opthe rrational only for around fifty years , requiria mg regular costly replacements
http://gen4 .inel .gov/technologies/vhtr .shtml
Generation IV International Forum .
GEN-4: Technology : Systems
http://www .gen-4 .org/Technology/systems/sfr .htm
Nuclear Energy (2008) .
Environmental Literacy Council .
8 April 2008
http://www .enviroliteracy .org/subcategory .php/28 .html
Jordi Roglans , Todd Allen and Michael Lineberry , 2002 .
ANS winter Meeting Washington , D .C . , 18 November 2002
Nuclear technology ISSN 0029-5450 CODEN NUTYBB (2002) .
An innovative concept of a sodium-cooled reactor to pursue high economic competitiveness .
http://cat .inist .fr/ ?aModele=afficheN&cpsidt=13964683
s .However , with increasing demands for energy due to industrialization and the rising price of oil and fossil fuels , nuclear energy remains as an important source of energy despite all the controversies .
Currently , there are mainly six differ types of reactors .
Among them , very-high- temperature reactor (VHTR) and sodium-cooled fast reactor (SFR) are sidered the two most advanced and iable systems .
The VHTR has an open fuel cycle and can supply electricity , hydrogen and heat at a highly efficient level .
Tfuelre reactor is connected to an intermediate heat exchanger to process heat and is able to output the temperature up to 1000 degree Celsius with more than 50% efficiency ("Very- High-Temperature Reactor" , 2003) .
On the other hand , the SFR has a closed loop fuel cycle and is designed to reduce wastes .
It demands less space of repositories as it recovers and recycles 99 .9% of the actinides and has the thermal efficiency of about 40% ("GEN-4: Technology: Systems") .
With regards to safety , the VHTR has certain desirable safety measures under both normal and extreme conditions .
However , the need to operate the VHTR above 1000 degree Celsius puts the limitations on the effectiveness of the safety measurement .
For the SFR system , safety measures consist of a long thermal response time , a huge margin to coolant boiling and a main mechanism that works near atmospheric pressre .
However , sodium reacts chemically with air or water and is a major safety drawback .
Nevertheless , with some innovations , a buffer can be introduced to prevent water vapor from reaching the radioactive sodium in the primary system .
Also , the SFR offers other safety measures such as automatic shutdown function and cooling function in case of accidents ("Jordi , Todd , Lineberry" , 2002) .
The cost ofa reactor varies with various factors .
For the VHTR , the cost is mainly associated with the heat exchanger size and the installation expenses which usually total to about US$781 .5 millions .
For the SFR , the cost can be reduced considerably by using some innovative methods to make a modular design or to remove a primary loop or to integrate the pump and the heat exchanger .
Although the cost of building a nuclear reactor is great and there are concerns about safety , there are several advantages of using nuclear energy as an energy source .
The small size of the nuclear pwer plants allows them to be integrated in the already developed regions and makes the long- distance power transfer unnecessary .
Also , the nuclear energy does not produce pollution directly into the atmosphere in the form of greenhouse gases .
Moreover , a large amount of energy can be produced in the nuclear power plants within a relatively short period of time .
The use of nuclear energy is also advantageous in a sense that it will never run out while oils reserves and fossil fuels are likely to be used up at some time .
With more research and investments in the nuclear technology , the SFR can become a viable energy source in the future .
The infety measures can be improved and the hazardous by-products can be reduced with the advancement of technology .
With the rising demand for energy and the increasinlong-distancermful effects of the use of oil andssil fuels to the environment , the nuclear energy offers an alternative and is regaining some of its popularity and early successes of 1970s .
in theBibliography
Generation IV International Forum (2004) .
Very-High-Temperature Reactor .
6 November 2003
The collapse of  Nicoll Highway was a controversial issue where everyone had his or her own views .
Could the use of psychology have prevented the accident ?
There were views from engineers as well as the parties involved , saying that the collapse was not due to a mistake in design as they followed the code of practice in their design and the safest bottom-up construction method was used .
There were no occupational hazards influenced by the decisiveness and attitude of the project managers .
The parties involved took pride in their work .
In my opinion , I felt that the collapse was due to a mistake in the design , the lack of integrity as portrayed by the parties involved and the management team's indecisiveness about the situation .
Indecisiveness and negligence of the management team , design mistake and lack of integrity are three factors of psychology which I felt were lacking in the design process which had resulted in the engineering accident .
The reason for the collapse of Nicoll Highway was not solely due to a mistake in the design .
Safety factors were taken into consideration in the design of the loads according to the Code of Practice (LTA , Sep1 , 2004) .
Furthermore , the common and safest bottom-up method was used , said a civil engineer working in LTA .
It was definitely a mistake in design as the investigation revealed that there was an error in the design of the strut support system and that it was under-designed(MOM , 2009) .
Also , it was under-designed by a safety factor of 2 (SCOSS , SC/06/102) .
There were omission and misintepretation of the code of practice (SCOSS , SC/06/102) .Therefore , the use of phsychology could have prevented the accident if the parties involved had not made any errors in the design .
The parties involved in the construction of  Nicoll Highway were carefully selected and one of them was the Land Transport Authority (LTA) .
Since it is under severe guidance by the government , there should have been  no problems with integrity or dishonesty .
However , there was evidence showing that there was dishonesty and lack of integrity among the parties involved .
From the book on Nicoll Highway Collapse , extracted from New Civil Engineer (2005) , Nishimatsu-Lum Chang (NLC) , being a party involved in the project , was negligent , reckless and dishonest during the design and construction of the retaining wall .
He cut costs by using scrap material as a replacement of stiffener plates as stated by Shanmugan (New Civil Engineer , 2005) .
If the parties involved had integrity and knew that  cutting costs would result in many casualties , the engineering accident would have been prevented .
It was due to the parties' lack of integrity , which was one of the psychological factors that they failed to demonstrate , that resulted in the collapse .
In conclusion , the use of psychology could have prevented the accident if the parties involved were careful about the design and made sure that it was not under-designed as in the case of  Nicoll Highway .
The carelessness and negligence of the management team  caused the accident .
If there were no cutting of costs in this case , the structure wouldn't have collapsed .
In many cases , structures failed due to the dishonesty of the parties involved in the construction process , not just Nicoll Highway but also the collapse of the Hotel New World .
Therefore , I felt that the use of psychology could have prevented the accident .
Nuclear energy generally refers to electrical power from controlled nuclear reactions .
Some people think nuclear energy is good but there are still people whothink we should not develop nuclear energy .
Two sides support their  views on pro and cons to nuclear energy .
In my opinion , we should further develop nuclear energy .
In Butler's (2004) article , there are 6 types of generation IV reactor .
If we look at Supercritical-water-cooled reactors , it is cheap and requires low temperature to generate electricity .
This means it is safer to use this kind of reactor .
