In modern digital world, electronic products are widely used in daily lives such as Smart phones, computers and etc.
In work places, electronic devices such as computers are also inevitable to use to increase the productivity of the corporation.
The convenience and high efficiency of using electronic products is being noticed by people worldwide.
Some people started to think if electronic products can be further operated to more advanced utilization and replace human beings for better performances.
Surveillance technology such as RFID (radio-frequency identification) is one type of examples that has currently been implemented.
In this essay, I will discuss that if surveillance technology such as RFID (radio-frequency identification) should be used or not to track people.
Personally, I agree to a large extent that surveillance technology such as RFID should be used to track people.
Surveillance technology such as RFID can be operated twenty-four hours with the absence of operators to track done every detail about human activities.
For instance, in militaries which are of high importance, surveillance technology is essential as it is a way to provide undeniable evidences if anything are fault.
In supermarkets where it is difficult to catch stealers, surveillance technology which makes records that can be replayed or detect stealers on the spot are superior to use.
The high accuracy in utilizing surveillance technology eliminates the amount of disagreements among people.
If people are aware of the existence of surveillance, the chance for them to follow rules and orders is high.
It is useful as it reduces the chances of wrong doings that may occur.
Therefore, surveillance technology makes our society more ordered.
Risks can be analyzed if there is a record of what was happened in the past.
In late nineteenth century, there was a severe air crash happening at Miami international airport.
The air cargo of the Valujet plane was on fire after the plane had taken off.
Sooner or later, the electric systems were short circuited as a result that the airplane was out of control and nose diving to the ground with extremely high speed.
All passengers and pilots were died.
After finding and analyzing the black box of the Valujet after the incidence, police investigators found out reasons for causing this severe incidence.
Surveillance technology can be used to detect very risky events and prevent its happening in the future, hence to save more lives.
In addition, if surveillance technology is even better developed, it can be used to detect the problem before the real accidence has happened.
However, the dark side of using surveillance technology is that it results in the invasion of privacy.
People under supervision are under high pressure to perform naturally.
People are less likely to enjoy life under surveillance.
Therefore, surveillance technology provides convenience to the society but makes more inconvenience to individuals.
Therefore, surveillance technology can be used but the use of surveillance should be modified in such a way that individuals are less affected in normal life.
In general, surveillance technology benefits the society and should be applied with the consideration of individuals' life.
I do not agree on this argument that surveillance technology should not be used to track people.
In this fast moving society, technology is always improving to catch up the fast pace of this world and most surveillance technology is used by the police or other army usage to track people down.
Although the surveillance technology is an issue in invading the human privacy, it has also brought us lots of benefits and security.
There are two points supporting this argument.
Firstly, security systems are improved in many areas such as school campus or at the workplace.
Secondly, it makes it possible for parents to track their children and also their elderly parents.
Therefore, this technology should be used to track people.
Many of this surveillance are being implemented in the government sectors, military areas to enhance their security.
It can also be found in schools and workplaces.
It is useful to the government and the people in the law sector.
They can maintain social control and recognize threats.
Video surveillance gives people a sense of security should anything happen.
In addition, it can provide all day surveillance around the school or office with little manpower needed.
For example, intruders can be detected if there are any in schools or offices.
This can protect the students from being in a dangerous situation in particularly for the small children who are studying in nursery.
In addition, it can also prevent theft.
This technology can also be a helpful tool to assist the law enforcers such as the police to collect evidences of crime after it occurred.
This can increase the efficiency of solving the crime and thus decreasing the amount of criminal acts or people.
With the help of the video surveillance, the chances of people performing crimes can be decreased.
However, video surveillance may be a help to most sectors, it can also be misused by many people.
Some may use it to peek or record something illegal.
For example, it could be installed in personal lockers to record other's moves and actions.
This technology could also be seen as invasion of human's privacy.
Surveillance technology could cause everyone to feel paranoid and as if our actions are being watched.
This could lead to psychological implications and thus causing many tremendous social effects that may be harmful to our society.
If everyone is being watched unknowingly, it seems that our freedom of doing things is being invaded.
Technology can be a very useful tool if being used in the correct manner.
It may be a help to prevent potential crimes from happening but also help people do crime.
The knowledge of installing surveillance should be taught to everyone so that crimes can be eliminated instead of increasing it.
The more people using it over us, the more power they will have on us.
We should respect that everyone has human rights and without other's permission, this should not be placed or implanted to anyone.
We do not want to be sued infringing other's privacy, therefore, before implanting any RFID, we should ask for other's consent.
Surveillance technology is getting more and more widely used with the development of modern technology in terms of various scientific breakthroughs.
And after all this scientific research result is applied to daily life, products such as RFID tracking system have become real.
RFID is not only used to track products for logistical and storage purpose, it is also used to track people by doing human implants.
It is unacceptable for some people in the society, however, I think this application is necessary and provides the society a lot of benefit.
Surveillance technology such as RFID has been used to track people may help to reduce the number of people who get lost.
For example, there are always news on newspaper, report that some elderly get lost at certain place and their family are looking for him or her.
The family members must be worrying a lot about the lost elderly, and with the help of police office , maybe they can find the elderly back, but it will take a long time, and a lot of energy to find someone in a country has a population about five million without knowing the exact location of that person.
However, if the elderly has been implanted with RFID devices, then it will be much easier for the family to find him or her with the special serial number issued to each device differently.
They can track the location of the device with the information provided by the RFID signals; therefore find the location of the lost elderly in a shorter period of time.
Surveillance technology such as RFID is not only useful to track the lost people but also useful to prevent the trading of children which happens in many developing countries.
It may be known that young children may be stolen by some agency that doing the business to trade the children.
For example, they may wait in the public area and wait for parents to bring their children out but didn't pay attention to the child, so that this kind of agency may bring the child to mountain area and sell him or her with a good price.
Since this is happen more often in the country which is much larger than Singapore, it is even harder or maybe it is impossible for the parents to find the child back without knowing where the child has been brought to.
Since this may happen across province, and without any clue about the path that the child may went through.
However, if the child has been installed with tracking device, more information will be provided along the way when the family is trying to find him or her back.
Not only the details of location will be provided, but also may lead to find out the root of this kind of children trading agency and it helps to prevent more this kind of tragedy to happen on any family.
Surveillance technology will help to prevent the family to loss their member especially the elderly and the children which need to be pay more attention to.
