Technology advancement is extremely fast nowadays.
Surveillance technology is one of the main concerns of the military and national defense sectors.
An example of this technology is RFID (radio-frequency identification) which has been proposed to track people through various means such as human implants or RFID tags on people.
However, this proposal has led to fierce argument in the world over its pros and cons.
I personally stand together with the people who reject the proposal.
First of all, everyone in the world belongs to themselves  from my personal perspective.
Human rights have been raised up pretty frequently in the world over the past few years.
Approval of RFID tracking can be seen as a violation of human rights and people will lose their most basic freedom.
Would it not be similar to criminals in prison but in a bigger confined space?
Secondly, the tracking proposal will raise a safety issue.
The chip identifier technology can be reproduced by anyone.
It presents a query: can everyone view each other's information such as name and age?
The leakage of this confidential information can be a sensitive issue to people, a violation of freedom and breakdown of safety.
One of the examples is the storage of bank account numbers in the tracking chips .
Criminals could identify them easily by getting a small identifier anywhere and everywhere if the tracking proposal is approved.
He or she could easily access the designated bank account since password cracking is an easy task for most hackers.
Other than that, the safety issue can be extended to personal safety.
Everyone knows the Internet and data transmission are very common and accessible at any time and point to examples such as Facebook.
However, people tend to express their personal feelings and ideas about sensitive issues on the Internet unintentionally.
This action could actually generate aggressive feeling from others and violent acts could be directed toward the one with the aid of tracking tags or implants .
The Internet can be a convenient source to find the name and basic information of people if the chip is hacked and tracking will facilitate the finding of designated persons .
In addition, national defense will be endangered if this tracking proposal is launched.
The technology is based on the chip implant or tag.
However, the chip implant can be retrieved easily and reimplanted onto other people and so on the tag.
Mischievous cases could actually cause chaos on the checkpoint tracking record and a more serious issue if people do it with ill intentions .
For example, a wanted person can escape out easily from a country and hide in another country with this method.
This tracking proposal creates a loophole in the net of justice .
In a nutshell, surveillance technology may provide a lot of convenience if it is used appropriately.
However, it has flaws which can be counter-used by criminals at the current level.
I stand against the idea of tracking individuals given the vulnerabilities of the technology at present.
Nowadays, the improved technology online is able to track different locations for different people.
For instance, Facebook, the well-known social media platform, has the ability to track someone's location.
However, for some, these auto-tracking services break the principle of privacy.
Some people do not want to be tracked as they feel it is not safe.
In my opinion, the developed surveillance technology can be used to track people and objects only if the tracked person agrees to receive this service.
There exist various advantages of using surveillance technology.
The first example will be to track your personal items and avoid losing them .
We all know that there is an application on iphone called where is my iphone.
It basically serves to locate your iphone's position at any single time.
For instance, if someone left his phone in a certain place, he can check his phone's location by searching through the Internet using another phone that has the same application if you are connected with your friend's device.
You are able to find the location of your lost iphone by asking your friends as all the shared devices are able to see the location of each other.
Another good example of using tracking technology will be to find the way to a place that someone has never been before .
For example, one person wants to visit his friend's place in a new city.
His friend is able to upload his location due to this advanced technology.
Then, the person is able to use GPS or other auto-tracking devices to find the place even if he has never gone there before.
The radio-frequency device can be used on old people whose memory is not as good as young people as well.
For instance, when people get old, they begin to lose their memory and sometimes they may not remember their way home or another place.
If the old people always bring an auto-tracking device, it is much easier for the younger people to find them and it helps to guard the safety of the old people.
Although the auto-tracking device is quite powerful, it still has to be used on a voluntary basis .
Without approval, people should not able to use this technology to track others.
For example, if the tracking technology is able to track everyone, even strangers, this means your location at anytime is viewable to every single person online.
This kind of situation will cause crime as thieves may auto-track you and you would not be able to run away from them.
Therefore, we must agree before the technology is able to track us.
At the same time, our location should be protected from being seen by strangers .
All the conditions, like the time of tracking and who can view your location, must be agreed to by the person who is being tracked .
In conclusion, the advanced technology gives people the convenience to find their items and ensures their safety.
At the same time, people must be able to protect their privacy without sharing their location with strangers.
Overall, the benefits of this technology outweighs its problems if people use it wisely.
The increasing population of a country gives the government more difficulties in registering the members of each individual family and hence other factors exist as an obstacle to the country's development.
By following the trend of improvement in technology, people can now be easily tracked by using RFID (radio-frequency identification) by simply implanting RFID tags in the human body.
With this advantage, it will be easier for people to locate his friend or his family when they have lost contact or in an emergency and also for police to investigate crimes.
In any country, there are crimes everyday and it is obvious to see that not all the culprits have been arrested and punished .
There are kidnappings everywhere and not all of the families can afford the ransom that is required by the kidnappers .
In that case, they would have no choice but to seek the power of loyal police.
The detective will start investigating the first criminal scene and brainstorm for all the possibilities.
.
It is only 10% of the time that the police successfully pinpoint the kidnappers' den and arrest all of them before they start to harm the poor victim.
In that sense, without a proper way to track human beings, it is way too difficult to save the innocent life.
Also, not only the kidnappers and the victim need to be tracked down, but also jailbreakers.
A few years ago, there was a jailbreaker named Mat Selamat, one of terrorists of Osama, who successfully escaped from the monitoring of a couple of cops in Singapore.
This was a rare case since Singapore is actually an safe country.
According to the news, the police force mobilized thousands of cops all over the country, each of them prepared to be on duty and patrol in an allocated place and after few months, none of them was able to find Mat Selamat and rearrest him.
People fell into panic when they knew that they had lost the harmony and peace in their country and the government had no choice but to keep claiming that their country is still safe .
If RFID comes into existence, this kind of case can be totally avoided in no time.
In addition, if RFID is supposed to be used by the public, everyone will be able to locate their friends and also their dearest family.
Nowadays, people use the all-purpose the smart phone for communicating.
With the power of the Internet, it is not impossible to find a friend for afternoon tea.
In spite of that, smart phone is still a device that needs to recharge its battery or else it will be just like the rigid object.
Imagine when people camp in the forest or hills, they will lose all of the internet signal and also take a risk that their phone runs out of batteries.
In that case, if they get lost or lose contact, they will be considered as lost and, they may not survive.
With the help of RFID, if there is an emergency when people are crying for help, they would be saved.
In conclusion, RFID benefits people more than brings harmful side effects to the human body when considering human safety.
Nowadays, technology is more advanced than in the past .
In the past, people could only find each other and communicate face to face.
After the invention of the phone and Internet, there are more ways to use to communicate with people and even track people.
In this present time, surveillance technology has been developed which means that we are able to track people all the time everywhere .
Definitely, there are those who agree with using surveillance technology but also those who object .
Thus, let us discuss the pros and cons now to give you a clearer view of surveillance technology.
Initially, surveillance technology such as RFID (radio-frequency identification) was implanted into the bodies of animals.
It was used to track the path of animals and help in scientific research.
Besides that, many animals which were just released from the long-term protection of humans were implanted with RFID as well to track their new life to ensure that they could survive in the wild .
Some of the public want to use this technology to implant RFID into prisoners' bodies .
The initial function is good indeed: to track their movements of prisoners to protect public safety and interest if they are out of prison.
However, some of the non-governmental organizations show their point of view when they object to implanting RFID into prisoners' bodies .
Their opinions are founded on basic human rights.
Prisoners' privacy is threatened due to the use of .
After they are released from the prison, the movements are controlled and known by the government.
They feel stressed under the control of the government and it may lead to consequences that we do not desire and imagine.
Furthermore, some parents hold positive views on surveillance technology and would agree to implant RFID into their children's body.
Their opinion is based on protecting the children's safety  .
Children could be easily found if they are lost or abducted by other people.
However, there are two sides of the issue .
This technology leads to a problem which is the same one in the prisoner issue, that is human privacy.
Parents give birth to children ; parents are responsible for taking good care of them.
Although the initial reason for the of implementation of RFID is good for children ; however, children also have human rights and privacy which is threatened by this technology.
Besides tags in human bodies, there is also the issue of implants in products.
Now, many their cell phones are equipped with GPS which means that owners can find the device's location if it is lost.
This is also an advance in surveillance technology.
Children could be easily tracked based on the location of cell phones by their parents .
Compared to the implants, tags on  products are better and more suitable.
With the product tags, children are given significant free space as compared to the restricted control of human implant.
Parents can ensure the safety of children but not violate their privacy.
It is the way that "uses one stone to kill two birds".
In conclusion, based on the advantages and disadvantages discussed, I agree that surveillance technology should not be used to track people.
However, to a certain extent, I agree that implanting RFID tags on products can protect the safety of children.
As the pace of life becomes faster and faster, the need for maximum efficiency becomes stronger and stronger in every field.
To know where  certain item's location is one of the ways to improve efficiency.
For example, UPS can track the progress of each delivery.
With information about the location of the cargo, it is much easier to prevent unexpected loss and come up with more efficient plans to save the energy and resources of the company.
RFID is one of the advanced technologies for tracking.
Due to its small size and energy-efficiency, it has become more and more popular in industry and logistics.
However, it is not a reasonable idea to use RFID to track people by human implants or RFID tags on daily products like watches or clothes, even though it does provide convenience in a certain situations .
The biggest difference between humans and animals or any other object is that we have self-esteem and we need  basic respect from our peers .
One of the basic rights of humans is the right for privacy.
In any period of time, as long as we do not offend others, we should enjoy the right of privacy.
However, the idea of using RFID to track people violates our right for privacy.
Since RFID tags attached to a product can remain functional for a long period of time, they could be misused for surveillance purposes which are not related to  industrial production or supply activities.
For example, a consumer buys a product with RFID from a supermarket.
As the RFID is embedded within the product, people who have the access  the information definitely can track him.
However, the consumer may not be aware of the function of the tag, which could reveal  sensitive information like the consumer's home address or work address to someone who is not authorized to get the information.
If this piece of information is misused, chances are high that the consumer would suffer loss like financial loss or even endanger to the life of the consumer.
Moreover, if the product is what one needs to use everyday like clothes or shoes, then the one's location will be revealed every second .
This is just like there is an invisible stalker behind you.
It is not only scary but also illegal.
Although someone could say the information is secured very well and will not be released or misused by any purpose, the tags are still not appropriate.
We can consider this scenario: the location of where we go in daily life will every second be sent to a computer to be processed and stored .
Does this sound reasonable to you?
As  we have mentioned above, as human beings, we should enjoy our privacy during our life as long as we do not cause harm to others.
However, RFID in our purchases will violate our right of privacy  .
Therefore, RFID should not be used to track people  through human implants or tags on products.
With  developing of modern society, more and more new technology appears and people's life qualities rise because of the new inventions.
Some good examples such as the Internet, computers and satellites are now quite common for humans' normal life; however, some problems also emerge, with a concern of the loss of the privacy of civilians.
In the modern society privacy is a hot topic in peoples' mind.
Even if the safety is the most important thing to consider in normal life, many people still want to keep their privacy in spite of existing some potential danger.
The contradiction of the safety and the privacy cannot be reconciled perfectly.
With the development of the surveillances for every corner of Singapohas appeared ple's life hasquality of life thas risen nd criminals are deterred by these electrical instruments.
A report shows that the crime rate in Sinfor pore is the lowesin n the world.
This is because of two reasons, have also emerged strict law in Singapore, and the other is the dense surveilla s everywsociety, uring the year 2003, surveillance stminds gies helpe ingapore beat the SARS and successfully prevenof some the spreading of the epidemic situation.
At that time, Singapore govof the nexistance pted the method to install surveillances ibetween e y patient's  e to look after their actions.
Much media has reported the effective measures of installing the surveillances in Singapore.
Without the using of the surveillance, the epidemic situation could not be controlled strictly, and the loss caused by SARS might be many times than that in 2003 in Singapore.
The benefits of the surveillance are obvious in the fighting of SARS, and this is a success example of the surveillance.
successful against Every coiinstallation two  esurveillance in surveillance help vernment guard civilians' property and life, in the other way the surveillance makes people feel uncomfortable under the 24 hours' monitoring.
In the novel 1984, written by George Orwell, author imaginreasons.
One n which people are being watched by the big brother when thesurveillance thing.
Every words people say can be heard by the government and because of that, government know well about everyone's mind and want to wash everyone's mind and control normal people totally.
It is a country without any frsurveillance ocracy in the novel.
In the reality, people are afraid of bmedia coverage trackreported on ywhere, not because of meaning to crime, bsurveillance of freedom and privacy is use eryo s heart.
When a husband is talking a sweet sentence to his wife, none of the couple want it to be heard by the peotimes more ehind the monitors.
Normal people's privacy needs government seriously considered abofight 
The government needs to seriously consider normal people's privacy.
wants them  neither saying that is crimes to commit intentions  People needs a  e environmenOn to lihand,  and also needshelps rivate environment to stay independent.
Thlife.
vOn llance is ahand, eful method to keep society's safe, but also killsbecause of privacy of people in some degree.
The best way to solve the contradictiothe author o educate people well and make them live an affluent li Big Brother e surv llance isanything eeded.
Aword t time, even if there is no suknows llance above people's heads, tthe government urveillances in everyone's heart and wants inals are more difficult to hide.
Nowadays, humans live in a modern society.
All around people, the world is full of high technology like CCTVs, automatic sorting systems for goods and different information systems.
In order to bring more benefit and ensure people's safety, surveillance technology has been utilized by many companies like in UPS and DHL.
These express delivery companies use surveillance technology to track their goods.
It is convenient for customers to track and confirm where and how their goods are now.
However, besides tracking goods for people, people could  use this technology to track people.
I do not agree with this kind of behavior because humans are different from goods and cannot be treated as goods.
There is no  doubt.
Tracking systems have brought many benefits in this information age.
No matter where people go, taking bus or MRT, people are on the CCTVs.
It is very important and useful to track and find people.
Actually, tracking systems have provided people safety  .
However, tracking people is difficult and different from goods.
For instance, a company has over two hundred employees scattered over different locations in Singapore, and is currently keeping track of working hours and overtime payments through the use of a punch card system, a system which can be open to abuses such as an employee punching another's card .
Goods are dead, but humans are alive.
If a company really uses this technology to track their employees, employees will dislike it and claim that their human right to privacy has been violated.
In other  words, people will feel that the boss or the company treats them like goods because modern people need  respect not money.
So, when employees begin to resist  this tracking system, they will find some ways to escape the tracking system like asking friends to help them to punch the cards.
Eventually, the company tracking system has no meaning at all.
Therefore, tracking systems are very terrible way to control people.
In addition, people the tracking systems may be used by bad people in a wrong way.
One problem is that people are not sure who is in charge of these tracking systems .
For example, when people go somewhere, no matter taking bus, MRT or driving, they are on  CCTVs.
If some bad people want to track someone for their personal purposes, they can hack into the government tracking system to do their own business.
In other words, the government originally hoped to use tracking system to ensure citizen safety, now it has  divulged human information.
It is very dangerous for society, Because people do not know who is tracking them, it can cause citizens trepidation.
In conclusion, as I have mentioned above, we have to agree that tracking systems have many benefits in different aspects of human life, especially in this modern world.
But tracking people is very terrible choice.
It sounds like people invented a 'prison' to jail themselves.
People need respect and freedom.
Also tracking people is very dangerous if it is controlled by bad men for a not good purpose.
So surveillance technology should not be used to track people.
Nowadays, this technology has been used in many kinds of fields, such as transportation and logistics, transportation payment, product tracking and inventory sywith a s, some institutions and so on.
More interestingly, this technology is being used in human identifictrack the person or product ven planting the chip into human body.
This fact becomes very controversial among people and the possibility of personal information releasing without knowing also brings the public's concern.
In some fields, Surveillance technology did have brought us tremendous benefit and advantage.
Logistics and tknowledge tation are major areas of utilization for RFID tech ansportation, almost all of the people have transport cards for daily transport.
Since we do not to bring cash to pthe human r the transportatis, enormous time has been saved for everybody or the society, there will be being released fwithout the owner's transportationcauses m. Fopublic gistics, if all the products are attached to the tags, it is much easier to count and record all the products.
This will make the logistic process more effective and also prevent the occurrence of product lost because of the tracking.
Since the inventory management is very important for some kind of companies, this technology is playing a very significant role.
The super markets are also using this technology to tag their product, which can record the conditions of all of the products in time and prevent of stealing.
When checking out, the price tag will be scanned to get the total payment very quickly.
This will save the customers time and also improve the profit of the market.
supermarket profits  products Supermarkets  kinds  loss The libraries alsurveillance technology t dhas fy the membership of the people entering, which ensures the security and the member itself will also conserve their information ma in this library.
Both the library and museum ap technology to avoid some belongings being taneed to n out illegally.
In some kindergartens, the RFID is used to tab the children to keep a record o heir attendance is reabouts.
On the condition that the kindergar students are very  ng and the ohave e  y sound self-conscious, this system can prevent them from lost.
becoming lost awareness Libraries he RFID system is used to catch the information of the o ct and track.
This function can be used in many aspects.
By RFID, the custome y expensive luxury will be less reluctant to consider what if it lost, because the RFID can help them get it back.
This will inversely improve  sale of the shoptag lthough in many respects, this technology can be used in positive anBecause l ways, in some area it is so controversial.
The most controversial part may be the capture identification.
It probably can betrack it ded into several types.
The first type is jusWith say the ID card which is caconsidering ebuying by the person.
Byluxury item this card, our identities can be cothe possibility of losing it informati in a certain institution can be kept.
However, this will raise a sales acy protection issue.
How can it be guaranteed that our information will not be abused?
Maybe this part can be resolved areas sing another technology.
For example, the ID card can be implanted into a switch which can be controlled by the owner.
When not using it, just switch off the card, then it will be just a useless paper.
Another human identification is Implanting RFID chips into human body.
For this part, not only the privacy problem is concerned, but the human health.
Does the implanting chip definitely safe and feasible?
Will it affect the normal functionality of the other organs?
All of these problems are waiting to be resolved.
implanted is  but also  a concern is the privacy problem piece of In solution, surveillance technolog as been used in a much broader area.
Some have been widely accepted by the public but some are not.
Actually, this technology is very useful and should be definitely go on be used.
What should be concerned is how it can be aof lied in the right area in a right way.
If there are some controversy, how it can be improved.
Only if it be made use in a wise and sensible approach and be adjusted and refined very profoundly, can it bring us the maximized benefit.
Surveillance technology should be used to track people.
The technology is necessary because it can provide evidence in crime investigation and social issues and decrease  illegal actions effectively.
Firstly, surveillance technology is useful in crime investigation and public issues.
It can provide an objective view of what happened.
It records  history which nobody can deny.
In crime investigation, the truth of evidence are necessary, which can only be found in photos, videos or small  .
In the supermarket, monitors is needed because we have to track thieves.
In front of the ATM, we need a camera to avoid intentional crime.
We need CCTV in every public corner to track suspicious behavior .
Only in this way can we get evidence of bad acts to protect others.
The objective truth in CCTV is helpful and efficient in crime investigation, better than asking witness again and again to identify who is the perpetrator .
Secondly, surveillance technology can decrease  illegal actions effectively.
Imagine there is no CCTV in public.
People will act as if there is no supervision.
No evidence is recorded.
Cheating could be very common in examinations and stealing would seldom incur punishment.
In a Chinese kindergarten, children could be always abused by a teacher but no one else would know it .
The children would tell their parents.
Some parents would be too busy to take care of the children while other parents would not believe what the children had said .
The headmaster would not know how the teacher really is and she would not fire her even if some children were afraid of entering the teacher's class.
After so many children were abused, people would come to know the truth.
The children's hearts would be shadowed and there is nothing we could do to make up for it.
Now people suggest that every classroom in every kindergarten should have a camera ; otherwise, the teachers' actions cannot be supervised.
If there had been a camera in the classroom, maybe parents and the headmaster could have realized earlier how severe and how bad the truth was and children could have gotten protection earlier.
People may say that surveillance technology will be abused intentionally by authorized people.
It really happened in China.
In a car accident caused by an official's relative, the record was modified with a new record.
The person in the record had been changed with another one before it was released to the public.
The modification was so obvious that people could easily recognize.
In China, things like that will happen because the legal system is not sound enough.
Power is concentrated in a few people.
The problem of abusing  surveillance is actually a problem of abusing  power.
Avoiding corruption and decentralizing power is more important than forbidding surveillance technology.
In conclusion, surveillance technology is necessary in many public places, in my opinion, because we need it in crime investigation and social issues.
There is a truth that we cannot deny which is that surveillance technology can provide a sense of safety because sometimes machines are more honest than people.
We have to admit that  preventing the abuse of surveillance and  using it reasonably depend on a sound legal system, and that means surveillance has its own restriction.
Surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification) has been made it possible to track people by implanting certain markers on people or products.
This is more than convenient for the authority to  better control of  society down to every individual.
However, because of civil rights and privacy, surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification) should not be used to track people.
In the first place, every civilized person more or less dislikes the idea that he or she is being closely watched every second.
By law, citizens have the right to keep their private details unknown to public; however, their privacy would be violated if such surveillance technology is applied widely.
Many pupils in China have been complaining about their phones, because through their phones, their lives are all transparent to their parents.
Such technology would put people into the same circumstance as the pupils but the government plays the role of parents trying to find out whatever people are doing every second.
If pupils feel uncomfortable being watched by parents, citizens definitely would be unhappy being watched by  big brother.
Close surveillance creates not only the problem of unhappiness, but indicates also an unhealthy  society.
Some people may claim that it is good for security  when everyone is under surveillance  becasue  poteintial criminals also are.
Logically, it seems perfectly right.
However, whether a behavior is a crime is dependent on the authorities .
When the authorities treat liberty as a crime,  society becomes terrible.
Some have  questioned  whether a society  under close surveillance will be a good one to live in.
Many science fiction authors have displayed good effort in describing a future  in which everybody in society is put under close surveilliance by  government .
Unsurprisingly, none of them describe the future as a bright one.
In history, there were times when the governments, such as Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union, wanted to secure their governance so badly that the police sniffed around people like dogs.
People nowadays would agree that it is terrible to live in those societies.
Then why would they agree to put themselves into those societies?
A worse thing is that one may not even be aware of  being tracked.
If such a thing does happen, then  society would be moving on a dangerous direction without noticing .
Imagine that one day, one is suddenly arrested  by the police and told that he is accused of posting anti-society statements on the Internet.
And all the evidence has been collected through hidden surveillance when he thought he was safely expressing his opinion in his  house!
In summary, surveillance technology should not be used to track people in order to keep  society comfortable and safe to live in.
What should really be put under close surveillance is the government.
People must make sure that the government is not abusing its power in ways that include tracking people.
In the modern digital world, electronic products are widely used in daily life such as smart phones, computers and etc.
In the workplace places, electronic devices, such as computers, are also inevitable to increase the productivity of the corporation.
The convenience and high efficiency of using electronic products has been noticed by people worldwide.
Some people have started to wonder if electronic products can  and outperform human beings .
Surveillance technology, such as RFID (radio-frequency identification), is one  example that is being currently implemented.
In this essay, I will discuss whether surveillance technology, such as RFID (radio-frequency identification), should be used or not used to track people.
Personally, I agree to a large extent that surveillance technology, such as RFID, should be used to track people.
Surveillance technology, such as RFID, can be operated twenty-four hours without  operators to track every detail about human activities.
For instance, in the military,, surveillance technology is essential as it is a way to provide undeniable evidence if anything is at fault .
In supermarkets, where it is difficult to catch thieves, surveillance technology, which makes records that can be replayed or detects theives on the spot, is beneficial .
The high accuracy of surveillance technology eliminates the number of disagreements among people.
If people are aware of the existence of surveillance, the possibility they would follow rules and orders is high.
It is useful as it reduces the chances of wrongdoing occurring .
Therefore, surveillance technology makes our society more law abiding .
Risks could be analyzed if there is the record of what happened in the past.
In the late nineteenth century, a severe air crash occurred at Miami International airport.
A fire started in the air cargo to a Valujet plane after the plane had taken off.
The electric systems short circuited with a result that the airplane was out of control and  to the ground at extremely high speed.
All passengers and pilots died .
After finding and analyzing the black box of the plane after the incident, police investigators found the reasons that caused this serious incident .
Surveillance technology could be used to detect very risky events and prevent them from happening in the future, hence saving more lives.
In addition, if surveillance technology becomes even better developed, it can be used to detect  problems before real accidents occurs .
However, the dark side of using surveillance technology is that it results in invasion of privacy.
People under supervision are under high pressure to perform naturally.
People are less likely to enjoy life under surveillance.
Therefore, surveillance technology provides convenience to society but causes more inconvenience to individuals.
Therefore, surveillance technology can be used but the use of surveillance should be modified in such a way that individuals are less affected in normal life.
In general, surveillance technology benefits society and should be used  individuals' lives .
There is one thing in common in the worlds described in much fiction - chips are implanted in humans and record their location, history and even thoughts  .
The readers just smile when they flip the page because it never comes to their minds that one day it might come true.
However, the world has always been beyond our imagination and has never let us down.
Actually, this technology has already been weaved into our life.
We have benefitted from surveillance technology for many years and in many ways.
Travelers survive in desert thanks to the GPS guiding them.
The police seize  criminals thanks to CCTV.
Having power can help people to achieve lots of things; however, abusing will guide us  another direction.
Tracking people is one way of abusing technology and in fact, it happens every day.
Although we have not been implanted with chips we are recorded by CCTV.
It is a common question asked by lots of people that even though the technology is developing and we benefit from it, we are losing our privacy.
We cannot deny that surveillance technology is a great achievement that secures us and protects us from criminals but we also cannot ignore the loss of our privacy and even limits to our freedom.
My life now is recorded by lots of CCTV.
Every day when I open my door and go to the lady's down the corridor, I am recorded by 3 CCTVs .
I need to dress up neatly in case one day someone who checks the CCTV will find a girl in weird clothing.
When I work, I can hear my heart racing  if I am doing something wrong or relaxing during work time.
The next minute, I may have  tea with my manager.
Such a nightmare is because of overuse of surveillance technology.
Although we all understand the installing of CCTV is  to protect us from criminals, nowadays, it seems to be used too much.
According to the article, "Lawful Interception", in the US, every telecommunication company has a contract with the FBI, requiring them to keep  phone call records easily searchable and accessible to the FBI .
Moreover, as shown in many Hollywood movies, Google mail is also accessible to the FBI .
There are so many people in the FBI .
Alif it has  strict rules,  we cannot think ideally .
There could  be  one who abuses his power and accesses the resources for private purposes and leases them out.
Leasing  private information, even though it only happens one time,  is one too many for an individual.
Moreover, the money spent on the telephone call database is $1.8 million per year.
"The Big Brother is watching you" (Orwell,  ).
The fictional world described in George Orwell's novel now turns out to be true.
There is only one thing different.
Our lives is not only exposed to Big Brother .
Because of CCTV, telephones and other RFID, we are becoming characters in a play watched by someone, but we seldom notice it and that is why it is horrible for us .
Because of the fast growth of electrical technology, people have been trying to adopt more and more advanced technology into our lives to make full use of it.
Many advantages have been shown in the areas like politics.
Because of  surveillance technology, more and more things being  tracked and more and more clues can be used.
.
That is to say, there are more and more doubts raised by the public about  surveillance technology.
From the view of my point, I think the application should only be authorized by people in some specific fields like politics and public security.
Firstly, privacy will not be protected if everything being under surveillance .
We cannot imagine our every move is  tracked and there may be someone who is staring at you from some place through a monitor.
That sounds like we are naked in front of the public.
There are no secrets or even privacy for us.
Perhaps   surveillance is installed for the sake of safety, but actually it conversely makes us less safe .
Therefore, the surveillance technology cannot be casually used.
Secondly, it may be used by lawbreakers.
There is no denying that every coin has two sides.
same also applies to technology .
On one side, we can use it to ensure that something are under our control to reduce the crime rate .
On the other side, the technology could also be used by the lawbreakers to commit crimes.
And once this happens, privacy does not exist any more and people's lives is under great threat .
Therefore, this technology carries great risk if we can only see the advantages that have  appeared.
Thirdly, it is also a waste of time and money if we use it in our daily life.
Imagine a person whose salary is 2000 dollars per month.
And he spends 1000 dollars to install a surveillance system in his house.
Then if his house gets burgled,  perhaps he can use the surveillance to get his money back.
However, if nothing happens inside his house, then the surveillance becomes useless, and he will also feel very uncomfortable because his every move is being monitored .
Therefore, for ordinary people, there is no need for them to use this technology.
Otherwise, it is just a waste of resources.
From the reasons above, we can see that  surveillance technology brings great danger with it so that we cannot apply it to our daily lives .
However, we can take the essence and reject the dross.
That is to say, we can use it in some specific and special areas such as public security and politics.
These fields are special because of the job category, and the need to be open to  public, so the disadvantages will not be apparent .
Contrarily, it can help to monitor the public figures in politics and track  offenders in security.
Therefore,  surveillance technology should not be used except for some specific jobs.
Surveillance technology such as Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) to track the population is potentially a dangerous weapon of the governments against their own people.
It should therefore not be used to track the population in order to protect people's privacy and the idea of democracy.
Using surveillance technology such as Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) to track the population can be seen as merely progression from older technologies such as  identification cards.
A possible benefit is better statistical analysis, which will provide the government with more information when drafting policies.
However, in this very non-ideal world where corruption is abundant, wide usage of such surveillance technology and accurate tracking is potentially a dangerous, perverted and deadly weapon.
Examples that are  hypothetical and yet concrete are action spy movies, such as the Bourne Identity .
In the movie, the spy agent accesses the public street cameras to track Jason's Borne whereabouts.
This clearly illustrates how a corrupt government may breach its civilians' privacy.
In addition, corrupt officials may sell this tracking information to the mafia.
Misha (2008) explains in his book 'McMafia' that the shadow market accounts for 20% of the global economy.
Judging from the crazy yet realistic anecdotes about gangsters, human traffickers, and the yukuza in his book, it is not difficult to imagine the opportunistic nature of human desiring  this marvelous tracking technology.
The people who are on the run from the mafia will be at risk!
Surveillance technologies should also not be used to infringe people's liberty and freedom of opinion.
The idea of democracy and power of the people will be at risk if people are tracked.
The ability to track every individual will empower dictators and their secret police .
Already without these technologies, the secret police agencies are able to track their prey and unsuspecting rebels.
An example is the Nazi secret police that Hitler used to dispose (of bodies literally) and stamp out any of Hilter's opposition using fear (and maybe guns, knives and poison).
As previously mentioned there are benefits to these surveillance and tracking technologies.
Trends of  highly emotional and easily manipulated humans can be tracked, analyzed, archived and chronicled.
Trends of society and cultures can therefore be observed as a function of time.
These statistical analyses will give governments more accurate information when drafting policies.
An example of making an good informed decision was the story of  planning and constructing  a walking path.
The government has a lack of information and decides that the people need a proper concrete walking path and builds one at a random location.
However, they could have built the walking path on a dirt path that has been walked out of the people themselves.
If they knew that this is the favored route by the people, the government  would have had sufficient information to build a walking path that truly benefits the people.
Still the possible disadvantages of these surveillance technologies is too present in my paranoid mind and they clearly outweigh the benefits, in my opinion.
It is therefore better to stick to the status quo.
With the development of technology, we have more advanced methods to track people in today's society.
Surveillance technology such as RFID (radio-frequency identification) is frequently used by the police to track people who are considered suspicious.
However, the use of surveillance technology is usually done secretly, and  debate has been generated recently  whether surveillance technology should be abandoned.
Some socialists argue that using surveillance devices on people threatens human rights and should be totally abandoned.
However, people who are responsible for assert that surveillance technology is the most effective way to track people and makes it easier for them to track  suspicious people so that they can do their work much more effectively.
From my point of view, surveillance technology should still be used to track people at present since there are no better solutions.
The application of surveillance technology is the most effective method to track people and thus can help the police a lot.
This method may violate certain people's rights and privacy, but in exchange for that we can get a safe and peaceful society.
If  surveillance technology is abandoned, the police would have more difficulty tracking  suspicious people and could have little control of the people who are dangerous to  society.
For example, without surveillance technology,  murderers could escape much more easily since no one would know their position.
Without surveillance technology,  suspicious people might actually commit a murder and the murder could be much more serious if the police could not arrive in time to help out.
On the other hand, the application of surveillance technology serves as a warning to the murderers and they might not commit more murders since they might be afraid of being tracked by the police.
If this technology is abandoned, it may influence more bad people to commit murder or steal things since it is very difficult for the police to track them and they have a high possibility of not being punished by the law.
Therefore, the continuation of using surveillance technology is really necessary.
Although surveillance technology should not be totally abandoned, regulations of using it are expected.
With the popularization of surveillance technology,  more concise and more complete regulations of using it are highly needed.
For example, ordinary people should not be allowed to use it or allowed to access surveillance devices so that abusive usage of it can be avoided.
This is also an effective way to protect human rights .
Only the police should be allowed to use surveillance technology and such technology can only be used to help track  murderers or suspects .
With proper use of surveillance technology, surveillance technology can be a good tool for the police, and also benefit all  society.
It is unavoidable that some socialists  will argue that surveillance technology violates human rights; however, for the sake of the whole society, surveillance technology should still be used.
As long as the regulations for using  are obeyed, surveillance technology can serve as a good tool.
In  modern society, public surveillance is becoming a normal phenomenon.
In the United States, after the horrible attack on 11 September, the US Congress passed the Patriot Act, which is mainly to increase domestic surveillanceas a counter against  terrorism .
Although these bureaucratic actions have prevented another similar attack from happening again, the act is widely criticized for its violation of individual privacy.
With the development of surveillance technology such as RFID, spying on the population would be much easier, which will create an even worse situation for  citizens.
In this paper, the incorrectness of using technology such as RFID to track people will be proved through the discussion of violation of privacy, the trend to misuse such measures and the enhancement of the totalitarian rule of the authorities .
First,  violation of privacy will be dramatically increased.
Typically,  RFID tags are small devices with a read-only chip.
The usual distance of data exchange can be several meters.
Once such a chip is loaded with personal information and implanted in individuals, all the information about his or her life can be recorded.
Some supporters may argue that it will more convenient to use RFID for identificatiof in places like airports and checkpoints .
However, the fact is that such technology will create checkpoints everywhere.
Furthermore, such tracking on individuals is done without the permission of the subject person.
That is to say, people will be surveilled  every moment without their awareness .
In such a situation, individuals will lose their basic privacy.
Second, when technology like RFID is widely used, there will be a trend to misuse such technology.
An important feature of RFID is the minimal security.
Since it is read-only, the card cannot protect itself.
Moreover, almost every one can gain access to the card reader as the reader requires only simple technology.
Therefore, if a business man wants to defeat his competitor, he can just buy a reader and spy for commercial secrets.
Hence, once RFID is widely used, people are very likely to spy on each other, which will destroy trust, respect and many moral values.
Third, to use  surveillance technology will enhance the totalitarian power of the authorities .
The the government is supposed to serve the people.
However, once the government gathers too much power,  democracy may be turned into totalitarianism, and  surveillance technology provides the means .
Spying and collecting excessive information of individuals are the first steps .
When government is able to find out all the precise information about its citizens, it can gradually exert control over them.
Consequently, the government is very likely to turn into  a totalitarian authority, which will be the worst situation and a tragedy for every single citizen.
All in all, surveillance technology such as RFID should not be used to track the general population because of the violation of privacy, the trend to misuse such measures and the enhancement of the totalitarian power of the authorities .
Privacy must be respected, and power over others should be controlled.
Without such surveillance technology, we would have a better future.
With the development of  science and technology, people nowadays are living under various types of surveillance ; for example, CCTVs can be seen almost everywhere in public areas .
Recently, a newly developing surveillance technology called radio-frequency identification, or RFID for short, has generated heated discussions on whether it should be used to track people.
Some people think RFID should be banned because of privacy considerations .
However, as far as I am concerned, using RFID to track specific people can be very helpful in situations such as scientific exploration, rescues and police activities .
During scientific explorations, especially  geographical ones,  tracking is very important.
This tracking will help scientists to more easily get their results .
Clear exploration route information will also be useful  post-research when scientists come back.
In addition, people who research in biodiversity will also need to be tracked.
When these scholars are on  field journeys, they also have to relate their observations with their route information; this is when RFID is of great significance.
In addition, field journeys are sometimes very dangerous.
Observers are likely to go into the rural forests or mountainous areas.
Their safety may be greatly compromised .
For these kinds of situations, RFID will help a lot.
Actually, not only for scientific observations but also during adventure journeys or travelling, RFID can keep human beings from harm.
Firstly, knowing where the travelers are and may going can assist them in knowing what the surroundings will be like and they can prepare better to protect themselves or they can change routes to avoid  potential danger.
Furthermore, by showing the geographical position of  people, RFID can accelerate a rescue process and will improve the survival rate of  victims.
During the rescue, every second is valuable!
RFID is also useful in police activities .
By keeping  track of the suspects, police officers can decide exactly who the criminal is sooner and more easily  learn the truth behind the crime .
Furthermore, knowing where the criminal is will also simplify the chasing process.
Policeman can just go to a certain place and chase the criminal.
Besides, tracking potentially dangerous people will be helpful for the safety department to predict  harm and better avoid  problems .
Some people may argue that using RFID to track people will violate individuals' privacy.
Nevertheless, the activities I mentioned above are little related to privacy issues.
Firstly, for scientific exploration, rescues and police activities, the privacy factors are far less important than  individual or social safety and scientific results.
In addition, for observation journeys and traveling, we only need to use RFID on  certain individuals and they will agree with this action for their own benefit.
Above all, I think we cannot ban the use of RFID completely since it will be of great help  during scientific exploration, rescue and police activities .
Using this technology reasonably will assist people to walk faster and further along the long and rough path of developing civilization .
It has been quite a long time since someone raises the importance of the right of privacy.
Without doubtlives veillance techeverybody's going against the right since it leaks out people's information without getting their permission.
When the technWhile y is not so well developed, it may not be a big problem for leaking limited information.
While as it becomes highly developed, it is very scary to realize that this technology actually tells lots of people where did you go and what did you do.
It gives you the feeling that all people are watching a movie, and you are the hero whose every movement including using the toilet is under others observation, just like what was showed in the movie The Truman Show which chronicles the life of a man who is initially unaware that he is living in a constructed world, broadcast to billions of people.
others'   As When I have such feelings, I will feel that has raised ot belongs to human beings as everyone else any la doubt, instead, I am like a petviolates made fun of by others.
It more like a prisoner's life, because we are under other people's control and we can do nothing to change our situation.
On the other hand, when we al surveillance do chnolbelong ng uthe human orace like ople, it increases longer; cessful rate of people taking bad actions.
For example, thieves can easily find out the best tlife o visit our houses and kidnappers can take away our kids every time if they are informed of everyone's location.
That will also cause more social concerns.
Moreover our society is, Technology should alwato be rve us as a tool instead of constrainingsuccess opes.
Every techcommitting crimes h its advantages and its shortcomings just like nuclear power or weapons.
If we cannot choose the proper way to use it, we taste the bad consequences of it.
As to surveillance technology which is not only inefficient enough in improving our life quality but also violating our right of privacy, I think we should not use it to track people.
All of us hope to live in a freer, more relaxed and safer world.
Population ageing is a global phenomenon as shown in China, India, Europe and other countries and regions.
The rising life expectancy can be considered  a challenge as a smaller workforce results as the population ages burden for governments to support  financially  too many ageing people.
However, it is considered  an advantage as there is little competition in the workforce .
Rising life expectancy is a two-sided sword which is both a challenge and an achievement.
Rising life expectancy results in a smaller workforce available.
Fewer young people and more elderly people exist globally.
This results in an unbalanced ratio between young people and older people.
This is a challenge as it reduces the productivity of countries, and hence affects the productivity of the world.
Globally, manpower is lacking.
Although the current world is a digital world in which more machines are used to replace manpower, manpower is required to operate these machines so that they can better function .
In countries like Singapore, manpower is the only natural resource available which Singapore can invest in as she does not have enough land to build farms and factories.
In addition, Singapore focuses more on developing its tertiary industry which mainly consist of services.
People are needed.
More importantly, Singapore wants to be a knowledge-based country and more highly educated people are required.
Ageing results in less manpower and fewer highly educated people are available in proportion.
More elderly people are a burden to  society as more funds are required by the government to support their standard of living.
As a general trend, elderly people are more likely to be ill as compared to young capable adults.
More healthcare is needed for elderly people than for young adults.
In most countries healthcare is provided free from government.
As a result, the government needs more taxes from companies in order to have enough money to provide healthcare to elderly people.
This is an age when most people are retired and have no source of income .
Their purchasing power is low.
In an aged population, low spending affects the economic growth.
Companies are in trouble if they cannot earn sufficient money to sustain their business and they also need to pay high taxes to the government.
Population ageing is a challenge for economic development.
Despite the challenges of an aging population, it can be an advantage as less people are in competition to bid for one job position.
Therefore, people are generally less stressed when working.
Life is more enjoyable for young adults.
Rising life expectancies also indicates that the standard of living has improved for the majority of people.
Healthcare is better than in the past.
They can live longer as they can afford high healthcare fees to maintain their health in a better condition.
In conclusion, rising life expectancy is a challenge as it results in more potential problems for future sustainable economic development.
However, it is an achievement as it is an indication that our society is progressing well and people are living in better conditions.
With an ageing population, many countries are facing the same challenges  to build safe houses and facilities to cater to the old aged.
After a certain age, they will have to retire.
The challenges of many ageing countries will increase when no new generation could take over their place in that particular trade.
First, I will discuss  the challenge of having an ageing population such as building more facilities and hospitals that will be needed when the population starts to age and jobs which have no young people taking over which can lead to economic downfall.
Secondly, I will discuss the ageing population as an achievement because they have implemented healthy lifestyles and good eating habits.
When people start to age, many diseases will surface  unnoticed .
Therefore, for the welfare of the ageing population, more old age hospitals will have to be built.
Land space will be limited when more hospices are built to take care of the elderly people.
With illnesses surfacing and the increase in ageing population, increasing numbers of nurses and doctors will have to be available .
However, not many young people are passionate about helping  society or even helping the elderly.
Hence, the country will face a big challenge  to take care of the elderly.
In addition, retirement is a must in some countries.
This could cause a drastic fall in its economy  if the younger generation could not take over their work .
It would thus be a big challenge to the country as there would be no one boosting their economy.
The ageing population could be an achievement as this indicates measures are being implemented to encourage a healthy lifestyle in a population .
more old people the country has, the More experience it would have as most elderly people can share their old experiences with the younger generation and help them not make the same mistakes  .
This will help the country to move forward rapidly.
The more exercise or any other forms of workout can prolong the lifespan of people.
It also indicates that the foods the people eat are nourishing and can decrease the amount of illness that can cause death, thus living longer.
Food can be a big part of our lives.
Eating the right amount of healthy or junk food can be a cause of having a longer or shorter lifespan.
Korea is an example .
It is said that kimchi can reduce the chances of having cancer and in addition, the people will have a good  complexion.
True enough, their population is ageing but people there can live very long due in the food they are consuming.
Thus, food can play an important role to the healthy population .
An ageing population could be an advantage as well as a disadvantage to a particular country.
Rising life expectancies could be seen as a good or a bad trend to others.
Therefore, every country should try to keep both the young and old generations balanced.
Studies have shown that  life spans are getting longer which reflects  rising  life expectancy .
It is clear that population aging is happening all over the world, since the current average life span is 65 and the population above the age of 60 is increasing year after year.
This shows  rising  life expectancy ; it is an achievement and it is also a challenge.
Rising life expectancy may be due to several different reasons, for example, it may be because in the improvement of  living conditions  or because  the upgraded of  cleanliness of the living environment, or because of the wide range of nutrition that is absorbed by  humans, or because of the development of the medical system in the country.
No matter which reason stated above is  responsible for  rising  life expectancy, it is  evidence of the achievement of the human race .
It is  technological developments that enabled the improvement of  living conditions ; the discovery of  food and  nutrition that is more suitable and more necessary for humans to absorb; the various medicines that can be used to cure different diseases.
Without all this technology we may need to live in the same conditions of centuries ago, with a higher death rate when diseases spread around the world and the human nations had no solution.
The rising  life expectancy shows the human nation has overcome some of the challenges of the natural environment around us during the existence of so many centuries; therefore, it is an achievement.
to face.
HowHowever,  rising  life expectancy is also a challenge to the entire human race .
With the population ageing problem getting more and more serious all over the world, the shortage of various kinds of resources challenge most of the countries in the world.
First, food resources and medical resources are the most important to support  living human beings.
The overcrowded modern cities also raise problem of public transportation, unevenly distributed wealth and education resource shortages  are the problems that some countries  may have face to .
Although rising  life expectancy is an challenge to the entire human ace, the detailed problems that each country will encounter are different.
It is clear that problems that may be faced by developed and developing countries are different.
For developing countries, they may encounter more   shortage of food resources  and the problem of how to develop a better medical system to serve the entire nationThey also face the problem of how to distribute  wealth evenly to benefit the entire population.
Moreover, they need to consider carefully how to build the education system so that the next generation  will be able to carry on to improve the whole country.
For developed countries, the challenge they face are mainly that the overcrowded modern cities usually have a public transportation problems and also  unevenly distributed wealth which results in  some of the population being unable to benefit from the development of  human society in terms of technology which improves the quality of life .
In conclusion,  rising life expectancy can be considered both challenge and achievement.
I do not agree with this statement that surveillance technology should not be used to track people.
Technology is always improving to catch up with the fast pace of this world and most surveillance technology is used by the police or military to track people down.
Although surveillance technology is an issue in safeguarding human privacy, it has also brought us lots of benefits and security.
There are two points supporting this argument.
Firstly, security systems have improved in many areas such as on the school campus or at the workplace.
Secondly, it makes it possible for parents to track their children and also their elderly parents.
Therefore, this technology should be used to track people.
Much of this surveillance is being implemented in government sectors, or military areas to enhance their security.
It can also be found in schools and workplaces.
It is useful to the government and people in the law sector.
They can maintain social control and recognize threats.
Video surveillance gives people a sense of security should anything happen.
In addition, it can provide all day surveillance around the school or office with little manpower needed.
For example, intruders could be detected if there are any in schools or offices.
This can protect the students from being in a dangerous situation, particularly  small children who are studying in nursery.
In addition, it can also prevent theft.
This technology can also be a helpful tool to assist law enforcers, such as the police, to collect evidence of crimes after they occur .
This can increase the efficiency of solving  crimes and thus decreasing the number of criminal acts or people.
With the help of video surveillance, the number of people committing crimes can decrease .
Although, video surveillance may be a help to most sectors, it can also be misused by many people.
Some may use it to peek or record something illegal.
For example, it could be installed in personal lockers to record other's moves and actions.
This technology could also be seen as invading human privacy.
Surveillance technology could cause everyone to feel paranoid and as if our actions are being watched.
This could lead to psychological implications and thus cause many tremendous social effects that may be harmful to our society.
If everyone is being watched unknowingly, it seems that our freedom of doing things is compromised .
Technology can  a very useful tool if it is used in the correct manner.
It may be  help to prevent potential crimes from happening but also help people commit crimes .
The  installing surveillance should be taught to everyone so that crimes could be eliminated instead of increase  .
However, the more people use it over us, the more power they will have on us.
We should respect that everyone has human rights and without permission, this technology should not be placed or implanted in anyone.
We do not want to be sued for infringing  privacy; therefore, before implanting any RFID, we should ask for consent .
An ageing population is a prolonged and persistent societal problem that is being discussed in most of the developed countries.
As the standard of living increases, the affordability of high quality healthcare services and medical technologies, which have advanced over the decades, among the general public has become increasingly available.
People of the developed nations are likely to be well-taken care of, partly because of the various healthcare incentives and schemes provided by their respective governments .
In the following paragraphs, I will take Singapore as the case study as a reference to my discussion.
Rising life expectancy can be a benefit to families  .
There is a Chinese saying that goes, "Jia you yi lao, ru you yi bao".
This means, having an elderly person at home is equivalent to having  gold at home.
Where every home houses an elderly person, the future generations can learn and carry on their traditional and moral values.
Where filial piety and respect with the elderly are highly emphasized in Chinese traditions, the children can learn to respect and interact with their grandparents from a young age and also for their parents.
With good communication and interaction, an elderly person can guide the young with valuable lessons in life.
An individual is an unit of the society, every good individual thus is a precious contribution to the society's and nation's growth.
On the other hand,  rising life expectancy can also be an indication, though not entirely, with a country's responsibility to their citizens.
A long-lived and healthy individual is sometimes  related to the good standard of living and healthcare services that one has received .
In other words, it indicates that the national healthcare system is effective and well-managed by the Government.
This gives credit to the Government's medical and healthcare schemes.
Thus, rising life expectancy can be seen as an achievement of the Government's well-planned or managed schemes.
However, this should not be entangled with the idea that high life expectancy equates of a nation's provision of quality healthcare benefits and support for  senior citizens.
An ageing population is often viewed negatively by  developed countries that are economically oriented .
In order to cope with an ageing population that pulls down or hinders  economic development, more physically capable and young workers are required in  society.
If this requirement is not fulfilled, this will lead to more financial strain such as increased taxes imposed on   .
This can cause more societal issues such as lower satisfaction of workers towards the government, decreasing birth rates because people could not afford the expenses of their children's upbringing and educational fees, which adds on more burdens and worries for the government.
Overall,  rising life expectancy can be considered as an advantage and disadvantage to the country.
It is an advantage, in terms of the intangible aspects, such as emotional and mental development of  future generations and contribution to a country's good reputation.
It is a disadvantage, on the other hand, in terms of tangible aspects mainly in the economic drive and desire of the nation for the sustainability of their economic position and reputation in the world.
The rising  life expectancy globally can be challenging and yet an achievement because the problems of humans could be medically difficult .
These few problems were taking a toll on human life over the years after people were over 60 years of age.
Most of the illness is associated with mental illness, musculoskeletal pain, and sight and hearing loss.
It is a challenge when  illness cannot be easily avoided by any person with  a stressful lifestyle  any place in the world.
Medical advances which help in curing  illness have also been getting better over the years which help in  increasing  life expectancy.
When the person grows old, the medical needs of the person increase over the years relative to the age of a person.
The number and types of illness also increase relative to the age too.
This is particularly seen in many parts of the world as the amount of stress, the types of food mixed with chemicals, and the quality of living in terms of environment  get worse .
More variation in medical treatments is required to help increase the life expectancy of  humans .
More challenges also include the environmental challenges that have been seen over the years.
Because of the rate of environmental damage, we could see that the lifestyle of a normal human being has had to change .
These changes and damages have also increased the chances of contacting more illness as we age.
Therefore, the challenge is that we need to maintain or improve the state of living is  huge  .
The abilities to eliminate  illness is considered  an achievement as this proves that the ability of the the human race to research and develop the medical ability to cure and eliminate the illnesses that were able to take the life of a human  at a earlier age.
Th ability was not seen 40 years ago when the technology advances were not as good as now.
All this technology advancement has also helped to improve the lives of human race in terms of improving the lifestyle, environment and medical ability.
Therefore, achieving such a great feat  in these areas is considered as an achievement because human lives have been  improved and extended  .
Moreover, achieving the near impossible to eliminate all  illness, such as cancer,  would be the greatest achievement for the human race.
This step will    take a long time to research to make it possible.
Much more could be done to reach the stage of extending the lifespan of human beings .
In conclusion, we can see that in order to solve  challenges such as the amount of illness that can grow over the years, due to the damage to our living environment and stresses that are always building in  city life.
There has always been a solution because of the achievements that have been done by  humans who used their time to  improve our basic needs  and extend  our life expectancy.
Rising life expectancy can be considered both a challenge and an achievement.
We should separate it into two aspects.
The first one is that rising life expectancy can be considered  a challenge.
The second one is that rising life expectancy can also be considered an achievement.
They are not contradicting  each other.
In my opinion, the challenge, which is comparing the current situation with the assumed situation.
On the other hand, the achievement, which is comparing the current situation with the historical situation in the past.
So, in the following paragraphs, I will clarify these two different views of rising life expectancy .
For the first part, rising life expectancy is a challenge.
We can imagine that when the life expectancy raises , this will mean that the average age of the population  nationally  or globally is also rising.
The number of  older people will increase to make the average life expectancy higher.
For these older people,  society needs manpower and all kinds of resources to provide a better life in them.
Sometimes, older people need more manpower and resources than normal young people.
Moreover, these older people usually contribute less or have nearly no productivity for  society.
We have to say that the older people are becoming a blackhole for the entire society in terms of manpower and resources.
So the dilemma occurs when there are more people who have a higher age.
Not only  the families of the old people, but also the government need to put a lot of effort into handling such a situation .
This is the interpretation of the challenge of rising life expectancy .
For the second part, rising life expectancy is also an achievement.
The achievement is in  comparison with  history in the past.
In  ancient times, due to the lower development of science and technology, people had less medicine or medical equipment and took less care of the healthy.
Hence, people died of various diseases.
On the other hand, there were not sufficient materials or ways to improve people's daily life.
People did not know how to protect their tooth from becoming decayed  .
These small things made the quality of people's life less enjoyable than today.
A bad mood cannot give them a longer  life.
Due to all these reasons, people died quite early, which resulted in a lower life expectancy.
So, a   life expectancy indicates how well people live .
In that sense, rising life expectancies can be considered as an achievement.
From these points, we  should be glad that we can live longer and enjoy a better living environment.
Besides, we should not forget the responsibility on our shoulders, the older people.
We should try our best to take care of them as if we are the ones who are old.
In such a situation,  society can develop in a harmonious and healthy way.
We just take the challenge and enjoy the achievement.
As the world is at the turning point of entering into a stage where people are constantly and notably older than before, there is a need to shed light on how to make life easier, more more comfortable as well as healthier .
Life expectancy is a figure that reveals the average lifetime and can be used as an indicator to measure up to what degree there is a population ageing problem.
However, there are situations where we have to consider  rising life expectancy as a challenge and an achievement.
Rising life expectancy is a challenge in the sense that it is highly reliant on the development in medicine .
There are a series of the diseases that hinder longevity.
Cancers,  a major group of killing diseases, is often beyond current medicine to get fully cured .
If cancers are discovered too late, one is doomed to death at a later stage.
Other diseases, such as mental disorders and heart trouble, are also top killers,  current medicine does have methods to treat  patients, but risks still come along.
Apart from diseases themselves, deficiency of medical system coverage and inefficiency during the treatment process can also combine to make lifespan shorter .
Patients in many developing and less developed countries, especially African countries, are suffering from simple and easy-to-cure diseases such as cold and flu and probably at the end of the day, it becomes the end of their life, although they could have been treated better if they were in a country where the medical system is complete and doctors and nurses are standing by to cure these people.
To raise life expectancy, one of the questions is how to upgrade the current medical system.
The government should help encourage  breakthroughs as well as a complete medical system.
Rising life expectancy is also an achievement.
The development of technology is making our life easier and more comfortable.
Compared with the world of ancient Rome or China where almost no machines were used, people nowadays are producing batches and batches of merchandise in factories.
Machines have replaced  coolies and heavy labor.
Cars and trucks have diminished the transit time of long distance shipment.
As a result, people have more time to enjoy the advantages of modern life.
One can easily travel to the other half of the globe to see beautiful scenery that one dreams of for a lifetime.
One can also easily see a deeply loved one through the Internet from miles away.
More importantly, they can share their ideas of how to keep healthy through the Internet, to make more interested people get involved and find ways to make life longer and more wonderful.
The development of technology brings people joy and makes things easier and this may be one of the achievements.
In conclusion, it is delightful to observe the fact that life expectancy is rising, but one must have the idea in mind that a rising life expectancy is never easy.
There are a series of problems that hinder longevity such as current medicine .
But data  show the rise in life expectancy is indeed an achievement that reveals the improvement of modern life.
As for the future, who knows?
We are on the right track.
Probably the next breakthrough is around the corner in the near future.
In recents decedes, it is a trend that people are able to live a longer life.
This is due to the improvements and breakthroughs in the realm of medicine and people's living condition.
While it is applaudable that people have achieved great success in prolonging their lives, there are social challenges posed by  rising life expectancy .
Without a doubt,  rising life expectancy is definitely a success in human history as it shows the achievements of the medical field in finding out ways and medicines to treat diseases that were thought to be incurable in the past and providing people with vaccines to prevent diseases.
The condition of the living environment has also improved that people are able to live in more hyginenic places.
The improvement in technology also eases people's lives by replacing all the manual labour  with easy and simple machine  work .
Due to the three major factors stated above, people are no longer exposed to disease-breeding living environments, are able to cure  diseases considered fatal previously and do not need to do much labourous work.
Rising life expetancy best proves these improvements and has definitely written a new chapter in the history of human civilisation.
However, as life expectancy has risen, some social challenges have occurred as well.
As the aging population grows, the young and more energetic people are subject to supporting more people of old age.
This creates a huge social burden for them and might cause some of them to leave the country when the burden becomes unbearable.
This would result in a loss of manpower in the country.
Another aspect could be that if the young people feel it is hard to feed the old people in their families and themselves, they would choose not to give birth to any child in order to reduce the burdens on themselves.
This would result in a decrease in birth rate of a country which is a very serious problem, especially in more developed countries as the population has already reached a minimum.
The government will be burdened by the growing aging population as well because it needs to set aside a great amount of money to provide better welfare of the old people because they are in urgent need of it.
Less money will be left to develop the country and explore  new areas of business.
This would result in economic retardation and stagnation of a country.
Afterall, it might seem difficult to handle when the aging population of the country grows, especially the developed countries with a very small population.
However, when we look at the brighter side of the reality, the rise in life expectancy shows great improvements in various realms and solutions to many problems we had in the past.
There is hope that the aging population may transform into a helpful force to a country in the future with the help of better technology and medication.
Life expectancy can be defined as a desired level of service or better technology to make one's life more comfortable.
People in the current era are described as demanding or having high level of life expectancy in other words .
They are expecting better medication, healthier food, and a cleaner environment and so on and so forth.
However, this rising life expectancy has become a challenge and also  an achievement in  healthy ageing.
The percentage of elderly is increasing annually according to United Nations' projection.
In other words, there are more elderly who have lower productivity and more medical problems compared to younger people in the global population.
On the other hand, people demand better quality of service and advanced technology such as the newer I-Pad model.
In fact, these rising demands require a stronger workforce who is active and more productive than in the past.
However, the aging population is the opposite phenomenon   .
An ageing population leads to a working force composed with a larger percentage of elderly who have lower productivity and are thus unable to meet the expectancy.
The second life expectancy is increased medical technology and resources .
An ageing population requires more medical resources since the elderly needs more medical attention.
However, the health level of the global population shows an increasing trend due to advancing medical technology and it leads to exponential growth in the number of elders worldwide.
Nevertheless, provision of more medicine and better equipment as well as more medical centres are necessary to accommodate the elderly .
Another rising life expectancy is a bigger house with a lower price which is desired  by the younger generation.
An ageing population is a consequence of the increasing health level of the population .
The concurrent result is the increasing  of the population .
When the elderly live longer, the family size actually increases rather than decreases.
In addition, the younger generation is to start their own family in their own place rather than staying together with family.
This phenomenon increases the demand of  property and subsequently affects both price and size together.
An increasing size  population also leads to  problem in food supply.
If the production of food is showing a lower growth rate compared to the population's growth rate, the country will end up with insufficient food in the future.
Rising life expectancy is also an achievement for the governments .
People expect more on the ground with the current economy, life stability and desire fulfillment .
For  example, one might have liked to have I-Phone 5 in the past but he or she would expect it to have more functions or operate at a faster speed after using it a while.
Thus, the rising expectancies actually reflects the increasing stability and comfort of people's life and indirectly reflects the ability of the govenment to provide people of their current comforts, economic status, convenience and others.
Rising life expectancy is an achievement, but it poses more challenges to the government and people.
All have to work hard and cooperate to deal with these challenges as a way of meeting expectancies.
Otherwise, the comfort level of life will be maintained or lowered  as  time passes and people would have lower their expectation of life.
People's average age has become older compared to the past.
From one perspective, it shows that  medical technology has improved over the years as people now are able to treat different diseases .
From another perspective, there are more and more elderly people but fewer younger ones; the increase in population age has weakened the labor force and so on.
In my opinion, the increase in population age is more a challenge than an achievement.
Firstly,  population ageing can be definitely viewed as an improvement of human culture and technology.
In comparing the technology today and the past, we can see that a lot of diseases are treatable.
The number of people who died because of  diseases that are not treatable has decreased .
The fast development of medicine and technological products has made people's lives much healthier compared to the past.
Moreover, the advanced technologies have helped people to overcome different natural disasters.
People are able to predict some disasters like  earthquakes and   prevent them beforehand .
Although the increase in population age shows that people have advanced knowledge and technologies, it should be considered as a challenge more than an achievement.
The technology is always improving and it never stops, and the lifespan of people is getting longer as well.
Thus, we should not compare now with the past because we need to worry about  future problems that could be by this situation.
The first challenge is the decreasing number of newborns .
As  population ageing is increasing, as people are getting old, and they need to be cared for by others and is not able to contribute as  much as when they were young.
If the number of old people is too large and there is a smaller number of younger people, it will affect the growth of the whole society as the young workers are fewer, the productivity and technological improvements would be fewer .
At the same time, more people are needed to take care of the old ones, which gives the younger generation extra work .
The second challenge will be the shortage of natural resources.
We know that as the population of humans continues to grow year by year, we are using  more non -recoverable natural resources, such as oil, in everyday life.
People's life and technological improvement are not able to continue without the usage of oil.
However, this natural resource are not renewable.
We do not think enough about our offspring.
Ever imagine the day that no natural resources are left?
What will be the life of our next generation?
The increase in population means that  more  natural resources are needed and people have to think of some ideas like to prevent using too many natural resources.
In conclusion, the increase in population age shows both the human technological achievement and  new challenges like a smaller  young generation.
We have to think more about our future generations, be aware of the problems that increased lifespan has brought to us and come up with ideas to solve these challenges.
Soon after coming into the industrial age, humans released a weapon and starts  a new technological era.
Improvement in engineering and medical science had been valued since  .
Studies have shown that the average life span of humans has been rising gradually over the years, in the sense that the global improvement of technology in medicine has helped humans to live longer and enjoy the world even more.
In spite  this, people should be aware that the power of science is not almighty, life will still go to the last page without  .
Since not all of  human beings are going to be a doctor, people rely on the treatment skills of doctors and hence, they start to ignore the maintenance of their own health.
It is impossible to doubt that  medical technology has improved day by day.
In the past, when people were injured or became  sick, there was no guarantee that the people would get good treatment and fully recover ; therefore, people could easily die if infected with a minor disease.
With the advanced medical skill we have nowadays, humans live longer and hence, there is a great increase in population.
It would be great if life expectancy keep rising up day by day, but in reality, it does not seem to be so ideal .
Firstly, although  treatment is reliable, people would still need to have  awareness of their own health condition.
There are millions of doctors all over the world, but there are billions of patients as well.
Nowadays, the pressure from the head of a company towards the employees has caused  people  to  fully concentrate in their jobs and because of that, people have started to ignore their health condition and rely on treatment and supplements .
Pressure can really cause sickness just like viruses and germs and it is more like a chronic disease.
It is like a key that opens up the gate of the human body defense system and provides a cleared path for other diseases to attack  .
Therefore, when the era improves itself,  disease does  too.
It is a big challenge to eliminate all the disease in the world and keep  lifespans growing as people do sicken every moment.
Nevertheless, humans still need an improvement.
Compared to the past, it is a big step forward in the development of medical science.
