In the modern digital world, electronic products are widely used in daily life such as smart phones, computers and etc.
In the workplace places, electronic devices, such as computers, are also inevitable to increase the productivity of the corporation.
The convenience and high efficiency of using electronic products has been noticed by people worldwide.
Some people have started to wonder if electronic products can  and outperform human beings .
Surveillance technology, such as RFID (radio-frequency identification), is one  example that is being currently implemented.
In this essay, I will discuss whether surveillance technology, such as RFID (radio-frequency identification), should be used or not used to track people.
Personally, I agree to a large extent that surveillance technology, such as RFID, should be used to track people.
Surveillance technology, such as RFID, can be operated twenty-four hours without  operators to track every detail about human activities.
For instance, in the military, , surveillance technology is essential as it is a way to provide undeniable evidence if anything is at fault .
In supermarkets, where it is difficult to catch thieves, surveillance technology, which makes records that can be replayed or detects theives on the spot, is beneficial .
The high accuracy of surveillance technology eliminates the number of disagreements among people.
If people are aware of the existence of surveillance, the possibility they would follow rules and orders is high.
It is useful as it reduces the chances of wrongdoing occurring .
Therefore, surveillance technology makes our society more law abiding .
Risks could be analyzed if there is the record of what happened in the past.
In the late nineteenth century, a severe air crash occurred at Miami International airport.
A fire started in the air cargo to a Valujet plane after the plane had taken off.
The electric systems short circuited with a result that the airplane was out of control and  to the ground at extremely high speed.
All passengers and pilots died .
After finding and analyzing the black box of the plane after the incident, police investigators found the reasons that caused this serious incident .
Surveillance technology could be used to detect very risky events and prevent them from happening in the future, hence saving more lives.
In addition, if surveillance technology becomes even better developed, it can be used to detect  problems before real accidents occurs .
However, the dark side of using surveillance technology is that it results in invasion of privacy.
People under supervision are under high pressure to perform naturally.
People are less likely to enjoy life under surveillance.
Therefore, surveillance technology provides convenience to society but causes more inconvenience to individuals.
Therefore, surveillance technology can be used but the use of surveillance should be modified in such a way that individuals are less affected in normal life.
In general, surveillance technology benefits society and should be used  individuals' lives .
I do not agree with this statement that surveillance technology should not be used to track people.
Technology is always improving to catch up with the fast pace of this world and most surveillance technology is used by the police or military to track people down.
Although surveillance technology is an issue in safeguarding human privacy, it has also brought us lots of benefits and security.
There are two points supporting this argument.
Firstly, security systems have improved in many areas such as on the school campus or at the workplace.
Secondly, it makes it possible for parents to track their children and also their elderly parents.
Therefore, this technology should be used to track people.
Much of this surveillance is being implemented in government sectors, or military areas to enhance their security.
It can also be found in schools and workplaces.
It is useful to the government and people in the law sector.
They can maintain social control and recognize threats.
Video surveillance gives people a sense of security should anything happen.
In addition, it can provide all day surveillance around the school or office with little manpower needed.
For example, intruders could be detected if there are any in schools or offices.
This can protect the students from being in a dangerous situation, particularly  small children who are studying in nursery.
In addition, it can also prevent theft.
This technology can also be a helpful tool to assist law enforcers, such as the police, to collect evidence of crimes after they occur .
This can increase the efficiency of solving  crimes and thus decreasing the number of criminal acts or people.
With the help of video surveillance, the number of people committing crimes can decrease .
Although, video surveillance may be a help to most sectors, it can also be misused by many people.
Some may use it to peek or record something illegal.
For example, it could be installed in personal lockers to record other's moves and actions.
This technology could also be seen as invading human privacy.
Surveillance technology could cause everyone to feel paranoid and as if our actions are being watched.
This could lead to psychological implications and thus cause many tremendous social effects that may be harmful to our society.
If everyone is being watched unknowingly, it seems that our freedom of doing things is compromised .
Technology can  a very useful tool if it is used in the correct manner.
It may be  help to prevent potential crimes from happening but also help people commit crimes .
The  installing surveillance should be taught to everyone so that crimes could be eliminated instead of increase  .
However, the more people use it over us, the more power they will have on us.
We should respect that everyone has human rights and without permission, this technology should not be placed or implanted in anyone.
We do not want to be sued for infringing  privacy; therefore, before implanting any RFID, we should ask for consent .
Surveillance technology is getting more and more widely used with the development of modern technology in terms of various scientific breakthroughs.
And after all this scientific research result is applied to daily life.
Products such as RFID tracking systems have become real.
RFID is not only used to track products for logistical and storage purposes, it is also used to track people through human implants.
It is unacceptable for some people in society .
However, I think this application is necessary and provides society a lot of benefits .
Surveillance technology such as RFID has been used to track people and may help to reduce the number of people who who get lost.
For example, there are always reports in the newspaper about some elderly people get lost at certain places and their families are looking for them .
The family members must be worrying a lot about the lost elderly person, and with the help of police officers, maybe they can find the elderly person, but it will take a long time, and a lot of energy to find someone in a country that has a population of about five million without knowing the exact location of that person.
However, if the elderly person has been implanted with a RFID device, then it will be much easier for the family to find him or her with the special serial number issued to each device .
They can track the location of the device with the information provided by the RFID signals and find the location of the lost elderly person in a shorter period of time.
Surveillance technology such as RFID is not only useful to track lost people but is also useful to prevent the trading of children, which happens in many developing countries.
It may be known that young children may be stolen by some agency that trades their children.
For example, they may wait in a public area and wait for parents who do  not pay attention to the child, so that of this kind of agency may bring the child to a mountain area and sell him or her for a good price.
Since this happens more often in countries which are much larger than Singapore, it is even harder or maybe it is impossible for the parents to find the child without knowing where the child has been brought to.
However, if the child has been implanted with a tracking device, more information will be provided along the way when the family is trying to find him or her back.
Not only the details of location will be provided, but also details that may lead to the children trading agency and help to prevent more this kind of tragedy from happening to any family.
Surveillance technology will help to prevent families from losing their members, especially the elderly and the children who need to be paid more attention to.
